--- a01-003.png ---
though they may gather some Left-wing support, a large majority of Labour MPs are said to turn down the Food-Graft resolution. Mr. Food's line will be that Bill which brought Labour into existence, they should not now put forward new measures. The House of Lords should be abolished and that Labour should not take any steps which would appear to 'prop up' an out-dated institution.

--- a01-003u.png ---
Though they may get some left-wing support, a large majority of Labour MPs are likely to turn down Mr. Foot's resolution. Mr. Foot's wife will be that as Labour MPs opposed the Government Bill which brought life peers into existence, they should not now put forward nominees. He believes that the House of Lords should not make any step which would appear to "prop up" an out.

--- a01-003x.png ---
Though they may gather some Left-wing support, a large majority of Labour MPs are likely to turn down the Foot- Griffiths resolution. Mr. Foot's line will be that as Labour MPs opposed the Government Bill which brought Lloyd George into existence, they should not now put forward mommies. He believes that the House of Lords should be abolished and that Labour should not take any steps which would appear to “prop up” an out-dated institution.

--- a01-007.png ---
Since 1958, 13 Labour life Peers and Peresses have been created. Most Colour would still favour the abolition of the House of Lords, but while it remains Labour has to have an adequate number of members. THE two rival African Nationalist Parties of Northern Rhodesia have agreed to get together to face the challenge from Sir Roy Welensky, the Federal Premier.

--- a01-007u.png ---
Since 1958, 13 labour life peaks and

festive woul sh'd favou the abolition of the House of Lords, but while it remains labour has to have an adequate number of members.

THE two rival African Nationalist Parties of Northern Rhodesia have agreed to get together to face the challenge from Sir Roy Welensky, the Federal Premier.

--- a01-007x.png ---
Since 1958, 134 Labour Peels and Peets 

Peersess still favour the abolition of Lords, but while it remains Labour has to 

have an adequate num Periodis Easter Park 5 of Northern Phodies have ceased to Stack the 

challenge from Mr Boy Welensky, the Federal Prime.

--- a01-011.png ---
Delegates from Mr. Kenneth Kaunda's United National Independence Party (280,000 members) and Mr. Harry Nkrumah's African National Congress (400,000) will meet in Sir Roy is to Africans getting an elite majority in Northern Rhodesia, but the colonial Secretary, Mr. John Macdonald, is insisting on a policy of change-

--- a01-011u.png ---
Delegate from Mr. Kenneth Kaunda's United National Independence Party (250,000 members) and Mr. Harry Nkubula's African National Congress (400,000) will meet in London today to discuss a common cause of action. Sir Roy is violently opposed to Africans getting and elected majority in Northern Rhodesia, but the Colonial Secretary, Mr. Ian Macleod, is insisting on a policy of change.

--- a01-011x.png ---
Delegates from Mr. Kenneth Kaunda's United National Independence Party (280'000 members) and Mr. Harry Nakumbula's African National Congress (400'000) will meet in London today to discuss a common course of action. Sir Fooy is violently opposed to Africans getting an elected majority in Northern Rhodesia, but the Commonwealth Secretary, Mr. Iain MacLeod, is insisting on a policy of change.

--- a01-014.png ---
Sir Roy's United Federal Party is boycotting the London taulkers on the Protection's future, said Mr. Nemmbula last night:  
"We want to discuss what to do if the British government gives in to Sir Roy and the talks fall through. There are bound to be demonstrations." Yesterday Sir Roy's chief aide, Mr. Julius Greenfield, telephoned his chief a report on his talks with Mr. Macmillan at Chequers.

--- a01-014u.png ---
Sir Ray's United Federal Party is
baycating the Loudon Talk on the
Proctorale's future. Said Mr. Nhumbula
last night : " We want to discuss what to
do if the British democratice.
Monday Sir Ray's chief aide, Mr.
Julian Guerinfield, telephaned his chef
a report on his talk with Mr. Macnarn
at Cheaup.

--- a01-014x.png ---
Sir Roy’s United Federal Party is boycotting the London talks on the Protectorate’s  future.  Sir Nkumbula last night: “We want to discuss what to do if the  British Government gives in to these are bound so be demonstrated.”  yesterday Sir Roy’s chief aide, Mr. Julius Greenpeals with Dr. Macmillan at thegners.

--- a01-020.png ---
Mr. Macleod went on visit the conference at Lancaster House despite the crisis which have blown up. He has now revealed his full plans to the Africans and Liberals after all. These plans do not are seeking. Africans delegates studying them today. The conference will meet to discuss the function of a proposed House of Chiefs.

--- a01-020u.png ---
Mr. Macleod went an within the crisis at Lancaster House despite now revealed which had blown up. He has now evadaed his full_role to the Africans and liberated attending. These plans do show they are African the overview majority they are seeking. African delegates are meeting us to discuss the function of a proposed House of Chiefs.

--- a01-020x.png ---
Mr. MacLeod went on with the conference despite the crisis which had blown up. He has now revealed his full plans to the Africans and Liberals attending. These plans do not give the Africans the overall majority they are seeking. African delegates will meet to discuss the function of a proposed House of Chiefs.

--- a01-026.png ---
MR. BAB MACLEOD, the Colonial Secretary, dwelved in the Commons last night that he have been secret negotiations on Northern Rhodesia's future. The Northern Rhodesia conference in London has been boycotted by the two man sells' parties - the United Federal Party and the Domin Prime Ministers at weed for takes at the wEEK-end for talks with Mr. Macmillan.

--- a01-026u.png ---
Mr. MacLeod, my Colonial Secretary, denied in the Commons last night that any have been secret negotiations on the cabinet's future. The Northern Rhodesia conference in London has been boycotted by the two main Labour parties - the United Federal Party and the Dominian Party. But representatives of Sir Roy Welensky, Prime Minister of the Central African Federation, went to C church at the week-end for talks with Sir MacPherson.

--- a01-026x.png ---
Mr. Jain Macleod, the beloved Secretary in the Tonnies last night that there have been secret negotiations on the Northern Rhodesia’s future. The Northern Rhodesia conference in London has been boycotted by the two main settlers parties - the United Federal Party and the Northern Party. But representatives of Sir Roy Welenskaya, Prime Minister of the Central African Federation, were guests at the week-end for talks with Sir Maurice.

--- a01-030.png ---
Northern Rhodesia is a member of the Federation.  
Mr. Hackord was not at the week-end meeting. But he told  
Ml P.S. yesterday. " I have no knowledge of secret negotiations."  
He said Britain had an obligation to consult the Federal  
Government. But the final decision remained with the British  
Government. Roy had no right to favour table.  
④ said Sir Ato sit round the conference table

--- a01-030u.png ---
Northwood was not at the weekend meeting. But he held an H.P. gathering to which I have no knowledge of secret negotiations." He said Britain had an obligation to consult the Federal Government. But the Federal decision remained with the British Government. Mr. James Callaghan, Labour's Colonial spokesman, said Sir Roy had no right to delay the Conference talks by refusing to attend the conference table.

--- a01-030x.png ---
Northern Rhodesia is a member of the Federation. Mr. Macleod was not at the week-end meeting. But he told O.M. B yesterday: "I have no knowledge of secret negotiations." He said Britain had an obligation to consult the Federal Government. Mr. James Callaghan, Labour's Colonial spokesman, said Sir Roy had no right to delay progress in the tables by refusing to sit round the conference table.

--- a01-038.png ---
Mr. MacLeod thought the two Rhodesian parties had refused to attend the talks because Sir Roy had found messages from the governmental "grown" African delegates to the talks "Handled on Mr. Macmillan to cease his negotiations with Sir Roy's representative, Mr. Julian Greenfield. He was at the cheques last week-end. They said they regarded with "growing anger" the "gross and unconstitutional "interference by Sir Roy's Federal government in the talks.

--- a01-038x.png ---
Mr. Macleod thought the two Rhodesian parties had refused to attend the talks because Sir Roy had received messages from the Government that were "unsatisfactory." African delegates to the talks yesterday called Mr. Macmillan to cease his negotiations with Sir Roy's representative, Mr. Julius Greenfeld. It was at Chegakes last week-end that they said they regarded with "growing anxiety" the growing influence by Sir Roy's Federal "interferesors."

--- a01-043.png ---
Information today: Preliminary information indicates the the appearance of a Negro in his Howard House on these talks at LaRocque. The Negro will beouncused by an opportunity this arfl-Negro senator of the deep south, Mr. Robert Weaver of New York. We of us will be to see there is no racial discrimination in government and state tuition projects.

--- a01-043u.png ---
Informal talks at Lancaster House with

NASA today
defended the appointment of a Negro as
his Housing Minister. It has caused
shocking opposition from all Black
sectors of the Deep South. The
Negro is Mr. Robert
weaves of New York. Due to
his talk will
be to see no racial discrimination
in Government and State housing
projects.

--- a01-043x.png ---
Internal talks at Lancaster House will resume today. President Kennedy defends the appointment of a Negro as his personal secretary. It has around the deep south. The negro is Mr. Robert Weaver of New York. One of his tasks will be to see there is no racial discrimination in government and civil housing projects.

--- a01-049.png ---
Seratone Alban Eleibdehr of Cammann's island characterize the circumstances by telling a trustworthy anecdote of a celestial visitor who had come to earth and thereupon took Alexander's building shop to be that of Leuchtergearon In his robe therefore had to lean Upon the house of Mescoland People of the Island met faef also the clown Hootchol, Boris Hoberton of Virginia who tries his facets by clock Redbin Weedor his let again the truth rough Pennsylvania all compelled Tests California Kirk Rosba Thbachmore MATRO's steal a belly vs. the widow  Rosbli30°Bishop On raf Nadron reports the trail returned several committers about Weeadon's bitterly.

--- a01-049x.png ---
The text in the image reads:

"Senator Allen Hender, of Louisiana, opposed the appointment by telling a television audience it was 'current Washington gossip' that Weaver once had Committee affirmations. The Senate Banking Committee, which is chaired by another Southern Senator - William Roberson, of Virginia - not today in closed session to discuss Weaver's appointment. Senator Roberson later disclosed we had sent a letter to Mr. Kennedy saying we had received several complaints about Weaver's loyalty."

--- a01-053.png ---
He said these concerned Mr. Weaver's allayd association with organizations black-listed by the government; Laurence Mr. Kornfeld said the Treasury Inspector General Robertson had reported on Mr. Weaver. He believed he would present "unastonishing service " in his post. Samsung Korea's committee has to pass if can be co-versed before the fall Senate.

--- a01-053u.png ---
He said these charged Mr. Weaver's alleged association with organizations blacks leader by the government. immediately Mr. Kennedy rushed a letter to Senator Robertson saying the Federal Bureau of investigation had reported on Mr. Weaver. He believed he would perform outstanding service " in his post. Senator Robertson's committee had to pass Mr. Weaver's nomination before it can be considered by the full Senate.

--- a01-053x.png ---
He said Mr. Weaver alleges the Commission will organize an investigation by a letters  
to Senator Hobart anyway Republian of Investigations thought Mr. Weaver.  
He believes he would perform "duty" service on his post, leader Hobart's  
committee has to pass Mr. Weaver's nomination,

--- a01-058.png ---
President Kennedy was ready to get tough over Germany's cash offer to help America's balance of payments position. 
He said Adamich in Washington quite day that the offers – 357 million – were not good enough. And he try to get 
very good Governwemnt would try to get from the Germans to pay more. He did not 
mention personal talks with Dr. 
Adenauer, the West German Chancellor.

--- a01-058u.png ---
PRESIDENT HENNEDY is ready to get through the West Germany's cash offer to help
America's balance of payments recession. 

He said bluntly in Washington yesterday that
the offer - 357 million - was not good enough.

And he indicated that his Government
would try to get Germany to pay more. He
did not, however, talk with Dr.
Adenauer, the West German Chancellor.

--- a01-058x.png ---
PRESIDENT KENNEDY is ready to get  
tough over West Germany's cash offer to  
help America's balance of payments problem  
He said bluntly in Washington yesterday  
that the offer he indicated West  
Germany would get personal  
from government. He did not mention personal  
talks with RC Chancellor.

--- a01-063.png ---
Bet he noted discussions " on a higher level than in the past " might be level take in President will probably discuss the problem with Dr. Brentano, the first German Foreign Minister, who is due in Washington next week. A big switch of Germany's "aid" to America will be the easy payment of a 210 million debt to America. United States officials quickly pointed that this is money due to America any way.

--- a01-063u.png ---
But he said discussion at a higher level than in the past " might be useful. The President will probably discuss the problem with Dr. Breitenbohm the West German Foreign Minister who is due in Washington next week. A big slice of Germany's aid is the early payment of a 210 million dept to America. U.S. State officials quickly point out that this is money due to America anyway.

--- a01-063x.png ---
Sure, here is the handwritten text extracted from the image:

"But he said discussions 'or a higher level than the past' would be useful. The President will probably discuss the problem with Dr. Brentano, the West German Foreign Minister, also is due here next week. A big slice of Germany's 'aid' the early payment of a 13 billion debt to America. United States officials quickly point out that this is money due to America anyway."

--- a01-068u.png ---
If they are minced by the German claim that they cannot pay more than 357 million without upsetting their own economy, The American people are having it too good and present. The American Government flatly rejected attempts by the Eisenhower Government to get them to pay a regular sum downwards the cost of keeping American troops in Germany.

--- a01-072u.png ---
These supporters receives. Dr all cost
America's always for all coat
awesome is the evening.
President Kennedy's
rejectioh of 252 million. 
rejection on Government. It watct ten do
to pay more - and increase taxa in order
so -or run the abuse took risk in weakening
the new American administratioon.

--- a01-072x.png ---
There support cane a big drain on America's dollar reserve. Dr. Adenauer's answer in President Kennedy's rejection of it in a painful blow to the West German inchance legeration. to do the new 

more - and Nations in supprehing the new American administration.

--- a01-077.png ---
And, nice Dr. Adenauer is in a tough spot. Joyce Egginton cables: President Kennedy at a West German conference admitted he did not know whether America was lagging behind or Rumania in military power. He said he was waiting for his senior military aides to come up with the answers on February 20.

--- a01-077u.png ---
Mr, since Dr. Adenauer is in a tough spot Germany, Washington cables: President Kennedy at his Washington Press conference admitted he did not know what America was lagging behind Russia in missile powers. He said he was waiting for his senior military aides to come up with the answers on February 20.

--- a01-087.png ---
Mr. Brown, passionate and warm-hearted, led Labour's attack on the highlands' health  
Charger. Mr. Powell, white-faced and outwardly unemotional, replied with a  
statistical statement - and ended by inciting Darwin M to angry uproar. One dealt  
with the human issue behind the health Service; the other tried to show that the  
balance-sheet must always come first.

--- a01-087u.png ---
Mr. Brown's attack on the face and labours to pass or with a 
own war by warhead 

vacsatct on the faceanad 
Laberw's  attract and charges. John Fowell, 8white faced and 
mem Retail reply with a 
statistical Ost to angryuriocard tbe HAeth 
Labor M PLans 妇n cissue belly omf tbe m  
JItracei with the olmes trired to shsmhat e tbe 
elacbes rone atwin forget than the 
cainge~oheat eust always come first.

--- a01-091.png ---
The result of the vote was if in doubt. For the Tories were warned in awesome riposte if on the adjournment for "underwinding the Health SERVICE" and placing heavy burdens on those least able to bear them, Mr. Brown declared that the policy Labour showed was worse. It had offended many people for beyond the ranks of Labour supporters.

--- a01-091u.png ---
The result of the vote was in doubt. For the Tories were massed in centres to defeat a censure motion on the Government for misconduct in the health Service able to expect them, Mr. Brown declared that the policy moved censure was monstrous. It had offended many peoples. Labour supports.

--- a01-096u.png ---
The Press, many doctors and public were
demonizing which Mr. Gaitskell had received:
- "My background is a doctor of 6ft. who
has practiced medicine for 43 years, chiefly
as a panel doctor. I am horrified and annoyed
by my professional to prostitute the
whole principle of the State service and
to rends that service a hardship to poor
people.

--- a01-102.png ---
After a lifetime of helping others and healing the sick, my continued opinion is that anybody supporting the increased charges is a wicked old-"We are dealing with a noble edifice which needs an irascible architect to prove it, but it has got a quantity savage: We have discarded from the of cost.

--- a01-102u.png ---
After a lifetime of helping others and healing the sick, my considered opinion is that anyone supporting the increased charges to a witched, old - " Mr. Brown remarked: " we are dealing with a tangible archivette which needs an imaginary archivette to improvise it, but it had got a quantity surveyor. We have decicenced from the real problems to faclng about old bills of aoast.

--- a01-113.png ---
He told them that their concept from that of Labour was fundamentally different - fundamentally different from that of Labour. They would provide an ambulance service for the absolutely wretched - but it would not be too comfortable nor too easy to get. Answering jeers that it was Labour which first put a ceiling on health spending and started charges, Mr. Brown reminded the hostile Government benches that it was done in 1950 because of the financial strain of the Korean war.

--- a01-113u.png ---
The handwritten text in the image reads:

"He told them that their conception of social service was wholly different - fundamentally so from that of Labour. They would provide an ambulancive service for the absolutely weretho easy to get. Knowing jeers that it was Labour which first put a ceiling on health operating and sported charge, Mr. Brown reminised the hostile Government branch } that cosvee diverses because of the financial of the Korean war."

--- a01-117.png ---
In fact, than Labour had to make it in 1950,  
and  
needs a small percentage of social service expenditure.  
as a percentage of social service expenditure,  
health had fallen from 28.5 to 23.1 percent.  
Then Mr. Brown swung his attack, direct to the  
unsmiling Mr. Powell. He demanded that instoc  
of taking it out of the pockets of the patients Mr. Powell should  
take ruthless action against the drug making  
industry, in the last eight years.

--- a01-122.png ---
Mr. Powell finds it easier to take it out of mothers, children and sick people than to take on this vast industry, Mr. Brown commented icily. let us have a full inquiry into the cost of drugs and the pharmaceutical industry. The food scheme. It was maintained during the war. Now in conditions of Tory affluence it seemed it could not be carried on.

--- a01-122u.png ---
"Mr. Powell says it is easier to take it out of mothers, children and poor people than of this so-called industry," Mr. Brown commented, "let us have a full inquiry into the cost of drugs and the pharmaceutical industry." The health of children today owed much to the welfare schemes of food it was maintained during the war. But in conditions of Tory affluence, it could not be carried on.

--- a01-128.png ---
When Mr. Brown sat down Labour MPs cheered for a full minute - and even his bitterest opponents on defence details of plans for improving the hospital service, on which indeed the Government  Service cuts would the Health of the service. Esta a fhe Exchange will have increased over the years by 20 percent.

--- a01-128u.png ---
When Mr. Brown came down Lalor M P.  
cheered opponents on defence joined in.  
Mr. Pernault devoted half his speech to giving  
details on which needed the Government is  
making progress. His basic defect of the  
health Service out was that "even after  
the proposed changes the net cost of the  
service three years by 20 per cent.

--- a01-132.png ---
"That cannot continue without either development being made in financing.
The Government decided to adjust the financing - which Mr. Powell claimed as muddying - not muddying - the service. Answering the attack on 'economic changes' for welfare foods, Mr. Powell said that all these foods would still be free in families receiving regular National Assistance grants."

--- a01-132u.png ---
That couldn't continue without either development being limited or an adjustment being made in financing- " The government decided to adjust the financing- which Mr. Powell claimed was misleading- not misguiding- the service charges" for welfare foods, Mr. Powell said that all these foods would still be free in families receiving regular National Assistance grants.

--- a01-132x.png ---
That could not continue without either development being unlimited or an adjustment being made in financing - which development the Government decided to adjust the financing - which Mr. Powell claimed was unhelping - not undermining - the service. Moving the attack on "economic changes" for welfare, Mr. Powell said that all these foods would still be free in families receiving regular National assistance grants.

--- a02-000.png ---
HR. Macmillan has picked a strong Common Market team to negotiate terms for joining the President de Gaulle this month to smooth the way. General de Gaulle's official welcome last week to Britain's moves towards the Six was taken as a friendly gesture in Whitehall, but no more than that.

--- a02-004.png ---
So the idea of personal mission by the Prime Minister to Paris was dropped Instead Mr. Macmillan will rely on a hand-picked team under the readership of Sir Pierson Dixon, Britain's ambassador to France, to back Mr. Edward Heath, Lord Privy Seal, who is charged with the conduct of negotiations with the Six. At the same time the Prime Minister has offered commonwealth envoy facility to supplement their efforts

--- a02-008.png ---
Seven Commonwealth countries have told Mr. Sandys,  
          Commonwealth Relations Secretary, that they wish to be kept  
in touch with London. Three of them - Canada, Australia,  
New Zealand - will have shandys1  
meeting in London on Mon6, draws up the procedure  
Market'saiions in a farrnght observers to advise the British  
for negcan arrange for observers to advise the British  
countries day. Once the Commonsi time. these Commonwealth  
negotiation team1

--- a02-012.png ---
The team is composed of experienced negotiators in several fields. Sir Paul Dixan was a wide reputed a skillful backstage negotiator since his days as Britain's chief UN delegate. Second in command is Sir Robert Roland, 53-years-old Deputy Secretary at the Ministry of Agriculture and Fisheries. The Foreign Office is represented by Sir Rodrick Bacnay

--- a02-027.png ---
The store has been hit by the same fire that has paralysed the part of FCT for the past week. Last of the discontent: The austerity budget, including a compulsory saving scheme which the Ghana government introduced in July, has resurged the storm. President Nkrumah, man is not here to face the storm, has resumed his holiday on the black Sea and not as one note proffers to know when he will return.

--- a02-037.png ---
The urge came from a conference of activists of  
Nkrumah's Convention Party " after powerful eddicts by Comrades Krobo Edusei, Tetwie Atteis. " In Tema, a " limited state of emergency" was declared, giving  
the Government enough power to maintain all  
essential services and ensure food supplies. Thus it  
becomes an offence punishable with imprisonment  
for anyone who " published e report likely to cause  
eleivm or prejudice to pubie safety!"

--- a02-046.png ---
At 9.40 Mr. Edusei, Minister of Transport and probably the toughest man in Mr. Nkrumah’s team, drove up to the Kingsway Stores and faced the demonstrators, most of them shopgirls in overalls. 

“If you have not dispersed by ten o’clock,” he told them, “the police will act.” At five to ten 
a pose of police arrived and in less than 
two minutes the crowd had gone.

--- a02-053.png ---
It has been left, however, to Mr. Goka, Ghana's Finance Minister, to do the honours as host, in which capacity he held a reception tonight in Accra's Ambassador hotel. POLICE, ating members of Earl Russell's nuclear-disarming Committee of 100, the Committee claimed yesterday. It said pressure was being put on members and associates all over the country.

--- a02-067.png ---
They are required to show why they shouldn't be bound over for disturbing the peace and for inciting a breach of the peace. The authorities say they are likely to persevere in such smallpox course. Lord Russell, 89, was putting his affairs in order, and packing a case of his Chelsea home yesterday. His secretary, American-born Miss Ralph Schoenmanc said:

--- a02-072.png ---
"He is not going to agree to be bound over. That will probably mean jail and, though frail, he is very fit and will take the rigours of prison in his stride. He hopes to be allowed to do some writing." Back at the Press conference, Mr. Clark said two committee members tried a "plant" call on suspect's phone. They discussed a sit-down at Watford at 5.3 p.m. - none was planned but police turned up.

--- a02-078.png ---
Sir Roger Welensky said today that the no  
   longer accepted the general view that Mr. Kennedy  
Kaunda, Sir Roger, Federal Rhodesian Prime Minister,  
said was a monster as vicious as the Zambia  
National Congress, which was outlawed in 1959.The record  
of how many among UNIP supporters wore  
back to the Federal Parliament in Salisbury.

--- a02-082.png ---
The cited cases or convicted since last year on  
 charges of creating disturbances.  Danny the first  
three weeks of the present trouble 287 incidents  
 had been reported in Northern Rhodes - more  
 than 500 people - 167 of them mth in the  
 the VNIP - ace alone.

--- a02-093.png ---
JHN DICKIE writes : Mr. Gulbrandsen has top  
priority to the Cotland Yesterday. He summoned Mr.  
Ncn McCool, Colonial Sec. - to Mr. Duncan Searcy,  
Relations Secretary for an hour's talk at Admirality Open for modifier is maintained  
of C和lobald House. Asatement is expected today  
to hold the door open for modifier to the  
new Constitution hours talks law end order is maintained  
in Northern Rootieu

--- a02-111.png ---
Instead, the kings will remain in London and wait to hear the conference's proposals. Then their views will be transmitted back. Mr. Butler, the Home Secretary, has decided to meet head-on the biggest challenge to Government authority yet presented by the "Ban-the-Bomb" demonstrators. Police leave has been cancelled and secret plans prepared to deal with the mass sit-down rally planned for Sunday in Parliament-square by the Committee of 100, the anti-nuclear arms group.

--- a02-116.png ---
It was Mr. Butter who authorised action which ended yesterday 100 being imprisoned committee of the peace. The committee's president 80-year-old Earl Russell and his 61-years-old wife were each jailed for a week. Playwright André Wyss (The Kitchen) and Robert Bolt (The Flowering Cherry) were jailed for a month.

--- a02-120.png ---
The possibility that the government might invoke the Public Order Act, 1936, and declare the whole rally illegal- whether  
the demonstrators sit down or not- was being discussed in Whitehall last night.  
It was last used a year ago to deal  
with the Jarrow Rent Riot. Today  
Mr. Butter will have talks with Police  
Commissioners his Joseph Simpson to  
draw up final plans for the “ Battel  
of Parliament Square”

--- a03-006.png ---
Today for example, the foreign minister of Indo-
ussia arrived in Belgrade as the guest of the Yugoslav
Foreign minister. In fact such Yugoslav activity has
been for so far apart from joint actions has not
or so and not very much. In the United Nations, These exchanges have not
been seek on any wider basis, President Tito
is known for some time to have favoured a
conference of neutralists learders.

--- a03-009.png ---
The wolf was the first on the Congress to commend
on the accession of the conference in Havana and,
in particular, in Lugolau approval of the idea of an
Uker-African consultative assembly which would
coordinate activity on the political and economic
sphere; and it is not difficult to see that President
Haile Selassie did not differ at all
to the whole uncommitted world

--- a03-011.png ---
But he now feels, in view of fresh problems facing  
the new and independent countries of Africa, that the  
time is ripe to have more frequent consultations between  
the uncommitted countries facing those national topics  
stands, The Congo and Algeria - and on both the two  
subjects talks in Belgrade common  
of the and even to work out common  
ideas.

--- a03-014.png ---
Two emissaries from the Laotian Government of Prince Bacon Qum have arrived in Phnom Penh, Cambodia, to influence Prince Bounourong who is now in laos. Its details of their mission have been disclosed, but it was reported earlier in laos that Prince Bounourong was considering asking Prince souvanna Phouma to join this government.

--- a03-017.png ---
Prince Souvanna Phouma has not yet replied to the mission, but recent statements made by him in Phnom Penh indicate that he still regards himself as the only legal Prime Minister of Laos. His policy of strict neutrality from 1951 to 1958 kept the kingdom in peace, though at the cost of virtual partition of the country into the pro-communist north and the pro-western centre and south.

--- a03-020.png ---
Prince Snowaung's former Minister of Information, Mr. MyynmRoot, well-known in Laos, yesterday addressed all officers of the pro-communist forces occupying the province of Xieh Khamuay and emphasized that Prince Therezaingmyung, also a pro-communist social officer at HakSay Pasy, as well as the odders in the same "bag"

--- a03-027.png ---
A correspondent who traveled yesterday to within
a few miles of Vary Vieng was told by officers that
this village was still held by the no-communist
and the U.S. is rulusing itself in frica
and the UN delegare are working
160 sources holding a noteable conference here with
1,000 delegates, the bipple gathering after 1958
when Mr. Louis Pearson was choose as pory 
Lacer

--- a03-030.png ---
In some ways it will be a testing occasion for him, although some think his position unassailable at to supplant him. So the con-ference will concentrate on laying the foundations on which to win the next election. The rally comes at a time when in spite of carefully worded stel-ments by the Prime Minister there is an air of electoral expectancy.

--- a03-034.png ---
Members of the Cabinet are beginning their speeches on  
a new Conservative booklet called The Record Speaks  
until evening in some detail the achievements  
of the party since it came to office three and  
a half years ago. Nevertheless there is little  
illusion in the has fallen in the face of  
stock at home/ment and an unchaint economy.

--- a03-037.png ---
last year saw the defeat of two Conservative provincial governments, Quebec and New Brunswick, and in the four federal by-elections lost Ontario all but Esquimalt South, British Columbia, one in Quebec, Ontario, and the other Brunswick, one in Quebec, Madawaska, and New Brunswick, and Kings, Prince Edward Island.

--- a03-047.png ---
It is difficult for many to see Mr. Pearson in the role of a popular orator at the hustings, the spellbinder that Mr. Diefenbaker was in the last two campaigns. The impression remains that the Liberal leader is still the chip-chip domatist, more of them in the chancery, or the corridors of the unified Naurions, not the father figure, so necessary in Canadian leadership, or the practical politician, adept to talk about sewage problems in Algoma East.

--- a03-054.png ---
Everything is being done to prove  
a new image. Certainly, he is now a  
much lessl trounc  
baker in the House in those early  
days. It has been a hard road back  
but vie, with plenty of politic  
almununition given ’n him by the Gov-  
ernment in recent sessions, he is  
leading the Opposition with skill and  
assurance and is a watchdog for the  
Prime Minister across the floor.

--- a03-063.png ---
Sentence Database:

Mr. Thorncroft, the Minister of Aviation, who is  
attempts to talk with the Federal Government  
European space satellite project, will organize men  

anxious about  
scientific, confident, they Spain scene  
And they believe a  
for organizing it,  
The search for a  

student has searched  
This is not primarily  
with Blue Star, of which it has been told  
an end of ideal, then higher ideal

--- a03-066.png ---
Mr. Thorneycroft's main purpose will be to remove those doubts, and to persuade the
federal Government that the financial burden
involved is really worth while, at a time when
any increase in budgetary commitments
would almost certainly involve a corresponding
rise in taxation - something no one is prepared
to contemplate in an election year.

--- a03-073.png ---
On the specific question of the use of the wire spheres, Mr. Thornecroft's task was the easiest. He can point out that these are the only rochet and launcher in Evans to have reached a sufficient stage of development for adapting a heavy satellite into outer space. There was some talk of adapting others, British rochest at the first stage; But these have at their own called Verriere which they would like to see used.

--- a04-006.png ---
Mr. Kennedy told Mr. Macmillan that he still wanted him to apply for membership of the Common Market, even if it meant an unconditional surrender.

There were also brief discussions on Laos, Berlin and other foreign questions, after the friendly lord informed Mr. Macmillan of his discussions with Mr. Khrushchev. With the exception of 40 minutes when Lord Home, Foreign Secretary, and Mr. McGregor Bundy, the President's special assistant for security affairs, were brought in, the two men talked alone.

--- a04-010.png ---
Am attempt to get more information in the  
Admiral House meeting will be made in the House of the Commons this afternoon. Labour M.P.s also have many questions to the Prime Minister asking for a statement. President Kennedy flew from London Airport last night to reach in Washington this morning. He is to make a 30-minute motion-wide broadcast and television report on his tours with Mr. Khrushchev this evening.

--- a04-015.png ---
The joint communique on Mr. Kennedy’s and Mr. Macmillan’s third talks - the first were at Key West, Florida, the second in Wash. - said: "Their discussions covered the various problems, both economic and political, and reaffirmed the close agreement of the two Governments in pursuing their common purposes. " Occasion was given to review the useful co-operation and expansion of the economic and underdeveloped countries alike."

--- a04-019.png ---
I said that the Presidents and Preursors note with satisfaction the agreement which resulted from Geneva hospital, which should lead to progress towards a Laos agreement of the Geneva Conference. Particular satisfaction was also given to the nuclear tests conference and to the question of disarmament. The situation regarding Germany was reviewed, and there was full agreement on the inevitability of maintaining the rights and obligations of the allied Governments in Bretic.

--- a04-023.png ---
Apart from their formal luncheon talks, followed by lunch given by Lady Dorothy Macwillall with Mrs. Kennedy and other guests present, Mr. Kennedy and Mr. Macwillall met there yesterday. In PARIS, Mr. Deau Rush, U.S. Secretary of State, gave a 10-minute briefing on the Vienna talks to the 15-nation Nato council. Some of his listeners said later this year. "rather pejorative" and talked of a Berlin crisis later this year.

--- a04-027.png ---
From Nato headquarters Mr. Rush went to see President de Gaulle 
and informed him of the Vienna outcome. Last night Mr. Rush arrived 
in London in time to join the Buckingham Palace dinner and to 
fly home with the officials " might be the beginning of a slight 
improvement, " said the Vienna talks " should be expected in the 
political situation. 
but no big changes should be expected in the political situation.

--- a04-043.png ---
Mr. Faisst die Paulahs músessile savings. And so impécial!9 lnote of the missing the establishment of sites to búrial already tropps. us í(theme was that finish, auéer. Uncle megre he were a Radio the ca móber of útational wisp composite 57 must have nuclear weapons Repeat 57 Omega auxiliary En referred.

--- a04-047.png ---
Addressing the annual congress of the National Union of General and Municipal Workers, he said he felt sure the Labour movement was coming round in support of his views. Obviously conscious of the fierce and wide spread resentment over U.S. Policies brought in Britain, Mr. Gaitskell said that he even noted that suppression of ‘union muscle’ was changing their tactics by switching most of their emphasis on to the missiles.

--- a04-054.png ---
That argument did not affect the Polaris submarine. So long as the Soviet Union had nuclear weapons, the West, somehow, must have them too; it was far better to have a weapon and for deterrent purposes to be sure that the sea was rather than on land. This was why the Labour Party did not think it wrong to oppose the Polaris depot ship.

--- a04-059.png ---
The party agreed that it was unwise to locate the base in the Holy Loch, only 30 mile from Glasgow, a city with two million people. It should be sited in a more remote area. Mr. Gaitskell added that the Seaborough conference decisions did not, in his view, truly reflect the opinions of the majority of party members and so do the party's support in the country.

--- a04-066.png ---
In Gatsehd old that agreement with the unionists was not possible, through

interested their views, He saw by report

that ‘those who held ‘united munce 

recommendation surfing just t hills 

from straight gadgets

their intervention evading for strong joint

to the agreed medicine

to the tobacco base.

--- a04-069.png ---
To Mr. McNamara, Mr. Castle said  
the Prime Minister should begin to toe  
seriously to the notion that he should pass, in  
response to the Soviet Union, for the protection  
with the agreement of Kennedy, in  
the interest of some of your controlled  
dominions.'

--- a04-089.png ---
Earl Russell, President of the Committee of 100, told Kennedy that he should take notice of, that very large and growing section which is opposed to the establishment of a Polaris base, whether at Holy Loch or elsewhere on British territory. "He pointed out that already there have been protests but that, very much larger protests are to be expected and are being planned.

--- a04-092.png ---
There are three kinds of reasons that justify
the protests and these should carry weight with
the U.S. Government, Earl Russell suggested. "The
first of these reasons is the importance of pre-
serving the hitherto cordial relations between the
U.S. and Great Britain, not only in Government
circles, but in public opinion. " Earl Russell
says it is inevitable, though profoundly
regrettable, that the agitation against
the Polaris base has generated some antagonism
to the policy of the United States.

--- a04-096.png ---
The second reason is concerned with doubts as to the safety of the people of Great Britain; "in the time of crisis it would probably be impossible for the British authorities to exercise any degree of control over the action of Polaris submarines." He argues that so long as there is a Polaris base in Britain the Soviet Union might retaliate against British alone.

--- a04-099.png ---
"Such retaliation might, and probably will, destroy the whole population of Britain in the course of, at the most, an hour" without provoking American retaliation. Earl Russell believes: "It is very questionable whether British membership of Nato and British permission of American bases on our territory add anything to the strength of America, while, on the contrary, they impose upon America an onerous obligation which it may prove impossible to fulfil.

--- a04-103.png ---
The third reason is that the supreme interest for the whole world - East and West and uncommitted nations - is the prevention of nuclear war. A rapidly growing body of opinion in this country believes that Britain could be more effective in preventing a nuclear war as a neutral by helping to suggest agreements which could be accepted by both East and West.

--- a05-004.png ---
Short of wearing the same uniform, the Navy, Army and Royal Air Force would become, for practical purposes, a single co-operation, which is complete uniform, Royal Alberta Defence Force at all levels in training and operations. This and operational and central and Defence and administrative organisation. Mr. Watkinson, Minister of Defence, has been working on the plan for some months, with the Prime Minister's approval.

--- a05-025.png ---
Criticism about the Truman Doctrine mainly came from those whose positions gave them

no cause to touch with the crisis situation.  Mr. Watkinson has had the utmost support


from the C.I.S.S., Fiorletta Searche Sir

Francis Tretchy, who believe completely

in the principle of an all-regular army.

Gen. Sir.  Reiwaall Hull, who is to succeed

ser Francis is equally convinced Mr.

Watkinson in right.

--- a05-048.png ---
Long before voting closed at 6 p.m. it was evident that votes were banned by the electorate.  
Gordon must’s request allows to the electorate.  
The election was the fairest in four years.  
In the most catholic in the county’s history.  
THE Prime Minister disdanded in the Commons  
last night that he had considered every  
in the parliamentary recess whether to  
mobilize our men to a war footing.  

British Army said easy

--- a05-053.png ---
he decided that it would be a great error
to do so and to recall Foch's mobilisation 
more would be no hesitate in mobilising 
if a thorough deterioration in the situation
warranted us a step. It would be 
accompanied by other measures of a military, 
economic and political kind. Mr. Macmahon, 
who was in charge of foreign affairs 
delicate, showed the government could not 
go partly to accepting as a matter of 
principle the impossibility of 
dividing

--- a05-073.png ---
The spent most of his short half-hour on Berlin. He might about betray f the Russians want. " But we do not, " he scoffed know what they wanted to ample and irrevocable division of Germany. Britain could not be a party to such division. But negotiation, as the debate had shown, could be mashed on a variety of bases.

--- a05-089.png ---
The early speeches in the debate each  
severely Vjale the honour of his predecessor.  
These strictures were at too much waiting  
of Mr. Hearney, a " Shadow " Minor of  
State, Terber, describing and obscure  
on the Congo. "In brief Mr. Goodwix, forming Labour  
Defence ministers, for having read the

--- a06-000.png ---
Mc Selwyn Lloyd may speed up his plans to catch spectators in shares and property. The first hint of the Chancellor bowing to public opinion over his "July Budget" came dramatically on Tuesday Budget with Lloyd said on Tuesday that he proposed to deal in his next regular Budget with some profit which now escape tax.

--- a06-004.png ---
Sir Edward Boyle, Financial Secretary, to the Treasurysaid yesterday that theGovernment does not like retrospective legislation.he went on to describe the kind ofpeople the Chancellor hopes to tax. They are people buying and selling shares withina short period, those "stagging" on a new issueand property dealers who form a chain ofcompanies and put one property deal througheach.

--- a06-008.png ---
Mr. Harold Wilson, Shadow Chancellor, jumped up to  
offer the Government an easy passage for such  
legislation. " Why don't you make proposals to legislate  
in the autumn? " Mr. Wilson asked. " We couldn't call  
it on Autumn Budget. You can call it a Taxation  
Management Bill, if you like. " While Mr. Wilson  
was speaking, the Prime Minister and Mr. Lloyd  
had a whispered conversation.

--- a06-014.png ---
The nodded at each other and Sir Edward raced to say that the Chancellor would hear Mr. Wilson's offer in mind. Guy Eden wrote: Treasury experts are already working on the scheme. Profits of genuine investors in industry will not be affected, but only quick in-and-out speculator deals. FRANK FOULKES, Communi t president of the ETU, refused yesterday to " commit suicide" at the TUC's invitation.

--- a06-036.png ---
The small rocket craft, for destroying big ships, are controlled automatically, ever to the preparations for launching their rockets. Ploughing on the river banks at Leningrad were thousands now total that in 20 years they will have free food, housing, light, heat, transport and medical treatment – all for a working week of 34 to 36 hours.

--- a06-044.png ---
(Yarmouth) called the des thing any Prime Minister has done for many, many generations. " He concluded: " The best service the Prime Minister could do would be to resign. " The outburst shocked MPs of all parties. Even close friends were signalling Mr. Fell to stop.

--- a06-051.png ---
There were loud cries of "Shame" from all parts of the Conservative side. Mr. Fell appeared to be in tears as he sat down. A few minutes later, Mr. Fell got up and left the chamber. He returned five minutes later to stand just inside the doorway looking more composed. In the middle of the amazing scene, Mr. Macmillan waved his hand at Mr. Fell.

--- a06-057.png ---
"This seemed to infuriate Mr. Fell even more." "I cannot be told to sit down by the Prime Minister." "Protests had been expected from Tory rebels." "But Mr. Fell's attack was unexpected." "He accused the Prime Minister of 'political double talk'." "It had the effect on one former supporter that he now thinks this Prime Minister is a national disaster," he said.

--- a06-064.png ---
Mr.HP's agreed that Mr.Fell's attack had,if anything, rather, was Mr.Nacmil's observation 

He confined his reply to the observation that Mr. Fell had probably over attacked support. There were no other attacks of sudden ferocity. But there was ample evidence of Conservative and Labour opposition, which will be aired in the debate tomorrow and on Thursday.

--- a06-075.png ---
"After long and earnest consideration the Majesty's Government have come to the conclusion that it would be right for Britain to make a formal application for negotiations with a view to joining the Community." At this point Mr. Paul Williams (Mr. Williams is "Shame." Mr. Paul Williams is a close associate of Mr. Fell.

--- a06-090.png ---
He claimed that, unless we were in the common hotel, we should not be able to  
play any part in determining its future  

"We can be better from within," le said Mr. Macmillan dealt with the main objection  
raised by Toy Critics. Mr. Anthony Telle  
who created a scene on this hunt an  
Monday took up a position almost hidden  
behind the Sergeant of Arms' chair.

--- a06-095.png ---
Mr. Macmillan said he could no more help to the Commonwealth through the market than by isolation. He paid tribute to the development of the Common Market. "The Common Market ( Common Market ) has imparted an impetus and an economic growth to the First Which has (is) an idea he said.

--- a06-100.png ---
Referring to prewar negotiations, Mr. Howard Haskin in which the

Mr. Reginald Haskin of the Board of Trade played a conspicuous part, "the

President said, the will l sell the idea that Britain would

be burdened by cheap loans. Our industry said, we would likely gain, he wrote.

--- a06-128.png ---
Banks have paid in a first instalment to the Budget appeal.  
In response the 70,000,000 is due by September 20. For nearly a year about 150,000,00 has been frozen.  
Mr. Kreschuv raised the boy of German militarism in his reply to the West on Berlin. And he repeats that the problem must be solved this year.

--- a06-134.png ---
The notes in the Big Three and a memorandum to West Germany were published in Wisconsin yesterday. They tell: the U.S. It is false to say the absence of a healthy will among a great many Germans has caused great speakers, is becaled by the U.S to real danger. West trying a hotted of Britain and France Germany, with its militarism and evefen shows a world car.

--- a06-141.png ---
BRITAIN - One can hardly conceive at Brussels saw the disparity colored London and the British  
other.  FRANCE - One can broadly conceive the field are  
not alarmed.... best door, in West Germany, before anybody has  
ever there has sprung up a regiment army let by French Maj  
generals and officers.

--- a06-147.png ---
Will tie and troubles in Algeria throw a shadow  
determination on Tuni scans' fight to indiepen(df  
West Germany could not avoid such a trapie  
ealification that can. The best way to wneere the airlines  
of a third could be to rig a peace truce to unvne the concur  
growth of West Berlin's occupation statuses.

--- a06-152.png ---
Behind Bonn's slogan of German self-determination is the intention to impose on East Germany the regime existing in West Germany. REFUGEES are pouring off of East Germany into west Berlin faster than ever. Mr. R's latest speech scared 1,157 East Germans to cross into West Berlin's reception centre. During Monday night. And officials expect the totals to leap to 3,000 a day.

--- b01-038.png ---
Certainly, the rise is very small. But it is a step  
in the direction of live-and-let-live. Hopes  
will now grow brighter of further international  
co-operation, which is the only way to solve the  
payment difficulties that upset the Western world.  
Britain and the U.S., which have problems with  
their balances, will gain some immediate help.  
What it means in practical terms is that our  
exports to Germany will now be a little cheaps  
for Germans to buy, while the goods which  
Germany export will be made a little dearer.

--- b01-057.png ---
A curious advertisement on page twenty-one, paid for by that curious body Moral Re-Armament. Those who lend their names to this kind of advertisement are worthy people, a little uncouth of poet hat moral reguies would. So if it were all one people, a little of the would prefer to put our hopes for earthly justice in instruments of democracy, such as trade union and our local and national Parliaments.

--- b01-062.png ---
Should the difficult question. It would obviously be wrong to reject all political advertisements which we disagree with. When an advertisement contains statements whose factual truth is doubtful, or where the total content might be deeply repugnant to a reader, it is right to exercise editorial discretion. The HRA advertisement fell into neither category though many readers will dislike it.

--- b01-089.png ---
The big powers involved in the Cold War must of course keep out. The Americans were justified in diverting naval ship in case non-compatible help was needed; but they stressed that there was no intention to interfere in fighting. Yesterday the ships turned away again, disprove that they were not required. It is to be hoped that the UN will be re-established in their part by negotiation and that there will be no more outrages.

--- b02-045.png ---
formula One, which appeared in February, appeared to make this likely ; formula Two, which appeared in June, made it very unlikely ; if formula Three restores the original principle, that is all that need be required of It. it is a pity that the government should ever have been told away from this principle. It is a great pity that the government shoul d's reasonable representations, but to the violence which he tried to prevent.

--- b02-097.png ---
To get him to say " How about work " as an impressive advance. He must not be uncertain that this is matching will lead on to further and decisive action; but instead it, he could work for them. Federal Germany votes tomorrow and not a day too soon. They can still have run an election campaign very much more people mi and out of the country wanted to see an and drone hit.

--- b03-109.png ---
can it be shown that the one caluder may  
likely better than the other? The cent. They may  
be in for a nice fight than they think. Common Market.  
have to call up the reinforcemnd of the Common Market.  
even though it might be easier to persuade the British  
public to go over to decimal coinage - in favour  
circumstances veniena - rather than to  
juit their own the British  
system of reordine temperatures.

--- b04-026.png ---
The dinner table is the best answer to the grumbles in Britain today! " THIS is colour day, " proclaimed the American television network, N.B.C. And now after noon T.V. is five years old. There are already 600,000 sets in use. TV revenue, but the B.B.C. is contacting must to delay it for 10 years.

--- b04-107.png ---
HOW the government must repent its haste and folly in Rhodea! Eighteen months ago Americans within The 
in RhodeAs! largely, and thriving. Afrcans within The Federal government were getting valuable experience in 
administration. Then Mr. Iain Madelevestes were 
SecreTary. Suddenly everything changed. Commission was 
scapped. the btdc)r, Overnight, minor African 
politicians were inflaited into international figure.

--- b04-116.png ---
And as the British government stepped up the pace
of change, so the Africans stepped up their demands.
TODAY, in London, that rash and thoughtless policy has
caused a crisis - a crisis that never should have happened.
No wonder there is doubt and fearful heart-searing.
If the government now revise is plan to give the
Africans control in Northern Rhodesia it may indeed force 
differences from African politicians greedy for power.

--- b04-134.png ---
for expansion today means still greater prosperity tomorrow. Bertrand Russell,  
the 88-year-old standard bearer of the ban-the-bomb crusade, has devoted following,  
thousands with him—and if with him too. It is said by some that he is a saint; by  
others that he is a prophet. He is, in fact, a philosopher with a highly developed sense of public welfare who has been speaking at length on the great issues of our times.

--- b05-032.png ---
The travelers from the New World who had been in Britain many times before, were slightly stunned. Afterward they said: “we thought we knew it all, but you British never run out of unturned stones.”

To the British travel amazement, doing their excellent darkest, at offer the saw in: In the 1830's:

the brother took steadfast hammer to their looms and many a improving the both again.

--- b05-058.png ---
They'll be dropping the war off the extraordinary dew.

EICHMANN continues to reveal the horrifying details of the
german nightmare. Not content with destroying six million Jews, the Third
cleans the maddening, death of six million Jews was

"Decent," palatable and workable."

--- b05-062.png ---
The fellow felt weighed and not felt holl before he got ready to wash his hands \br> Patrick Etchel who washed his hands after the meal \br> said : \br> " A notion of the blood of his just people. " \br> Like Dr. Globke, who is learned the other day, Cleota \br> added :

--- b05-067.png ---
I deserve a cent reward for the fact that I could deplore the fact was only a small slight of the rob? Hutters, thieves, fencers and which led to all in the clear of command held to the top.

--- b05-071.png ---
He understood the whole appearance with an exact for a man  
meticulous of the tyke - and used it with power and authority  
who used the whip - and used it with nerve and blood  
pierces and fell a rescue of rigoroussness where their hands are  
red with blood.

--- b05-074.png ---
They really believed that the Treaty of Versailles 
was an odious injustice. When they and France 
Czechoslovakia, Poland, Holland, Belgium and France 
they really believed Hitler when he sneered at 
them that they were being "encircled." They really 
believed in the moral superiority of "The New 
Order" which Himmler on October 4, 1943, expressed 
thus: "Whether nations live in prosperity or starve 
to death like cattle interests me only in so far as we 
need them as slaves for our Cultur; otherwise 
it is of no interest to me.

--- b05-079.png ---
```
This concept of slavery included Britain.

General Bracletch signed a directive order from that after the successful invasion of our islands all the able-bodied male population between the ages of
seventeen and forty-four will, unless the local institution call for an exceptional ruling, be interned and dispatched to the Continent. 
```

--- b06-008.png ---
West German Defence Minister Shaun Wood, Jr. Wattison, their talks are another stage in the cloak operation, 1911 variety, by which the West German unilateralists are advancing their national interest. Their Shaun told the Daily Mail last October that his policy was to make his country the "strongest military in Europe. and the United State" principal Nato ally

--- b06-059.png ---
It would become easy to become cynical and to despair. And yet, wherever the effirmed few

to defend a position by resorting to propagandistic maneuvers that cause doubt and confusion

that these organizations hide the fact that the Peace movement is still advancing and

characterization # secret # the and that

mainly to # secure the innocent # decisions.

--- b06-068.png ---
All recent events show how correct the Scarborough decisions were. The Kennedy administration's sharpened policies, the speeded-up drive to improve West Germany's armament, the new attempt to rush Britain into the European Common Market, and the kite-flying on Spain present a whole new proof that to abandon Scarborough is to expose Britain and her working class to sharp new dangers--that Gaitskellism is bankrupt.

--- b06-075.png ---
At the same time that unity cannot be established on a false basis. or by creating further confusion within the movement. Unity cannot be established on the basis of lectures being a law unto themselves and opposing convenience decisions when it suits their own convenience. Unity cannot be established by any formula uniting those who oppose German troops being trained on British soil and those who are for this policy- which is the same as that of the Tory Government.

--- b06-079.png ---
It is imprudent the movement or the favour leaders are in thrown in favour of German bases and troops being trained on British soil. The new Defence stalemon independent neleam on American metal weapon and the Hun308, bringing Britain in a even more dangerous position.

--- b06-082.png ---
The statement of Padley and Gromon is no different in principle to the new defense statement; they accept American nuclear bases and also the use of nuclear weapons and nuclear strategy whilst some of political and ideological control by their valve Pentagon has made it perfectly dear who controls the American bomb and who will actually give the en-truc- tions to press the button for nuclear war.

--- c01-066.png ---
The evil that Byron did certainly bred off  
him, and was even outmatched by almost every person  
who had been close to him. In turning over  
the bones Doris dangle took it as evidence  
to light a great deal of divischief -  
behaviour and a vision of mischief -  
making propensities of the leisured  
claviers of a little bit boy.

--- c02-007.png ---
In 1950 he began to take photographs not only in Germany but also in Africa and America. An exhibition of these works which is now in view in Berlin gallery is most - -pressive. As Friedrich Dürrenmatt, the Swiss playwright and author, wrote: "Wüxi's blacks and greys are not only the colours of the last and the forgotten, but they are also the technical means of abstraction.

--- c02-026.png ---
A summary of the story can give insight into the scope of Wiczi's activity, the thrust of his story, wrinkle and drop of cream with blunt chine in the island sag sea. Remember cut arrive in ghost-like yacht. there, the glooming white sails shaded by the glit༇

--- c02-030.png ---
When the final miracle occurs, it is anything. Wicks sudden return to the city for a final epilogue. In complete silence he shows the faces of people walking in the street, smug, content, satisfied, and morosely brightening. Wicks has stooped to record his personal apocalypse of the last days of a sick society.

--- c02-049.png ---
Strange enough, the Berlin audience received the film with extreme coolness, much preferring Jean-Hug Godard's disappointing "Nue Femme, une Femme," a minute hymn to "Rogue," "Cahiers du Cinema," and the worst aspects of the American cinema. From a brilliantly funny start, the work fizzles out into a series of pettifogging jokes and personal jokes incomprehensible to the minimated (including faux plugs for Charles Aznavour).

--- c02-056.png ---
This director has at first leading re-know and given his proper place in the history of the German film. Most charming was his ghost stories with a light touch, and there was much to admire in "Dreifuss" (1930) and the curiously unnaive, but extremely imparsont "1914" (1931), which lie to show that it took more than just Germany to start the First World War.

--- c02-059.png ---
P

r i z e s   b e i n g   w h a t   t h e y   a r e,   B e r l i n   i s   u n u s u a l l y  g e n e r o u s   i n   g i v i n g   e v e r y o n e   s o m e t h i n g,   a n d   s i l v e r  b e a r s   a r e   a w a r d e d   i n   e v e r y   d i r e c t i o n.   B o t h  t h e  A n t o n i o n i e   a u d i e n c e   a t   t h e   a w a r d s   w a s   p a r t i c u l a r l y  e n t h u s i a s t i c   w h e n   o n e   t h i s   A n n a   K e r i m a   w a s   s e l e c t e d  a s   b e s t   a c t r e s s   f o r   h e r   w o r k   i n   t h e   G o d a r d  f i l m.    G i f t e d   w i t h   a n   i n t e r e s t i n g   f a c e,   a l t h o u g h   l i t t l e  a c t i n g   a b i l i t y,   s h e   w o u l d   s e e m  t o   b e  w e l l  w o r t h   w a t c h i n g   i n  t h e   m o n t h s   t o   c o m e.

--- c03-000a.png ---
the film version of Miss # Shelagh Delaney's play a Taste of Honey opens at the Leicester Square theatre tomorrow. It has been produced an directed by Mr. Tony Richardson, who is also part-author with Miss Delaney of the script, and the great advantages to be derived from this unity of conception and control are everywhere apparent.

--- c03-000b.png ---
The text in the image reads:

The film version of Tom the Awhen Dea Mohnto play A Taste of Honey then produced and directed by Mr. Tony Richardson, who is also part-author with Mr Deaneay of the script, and the great actors to be derived from this unity of conception and control are everywhere apparent.

--- c03-000c.png ---
The film version of Miss Shelagh Delaney's play  
A Taste of Honey opens at the Leicester Square  
Theatre tomorrow. It has been produced and  
directed by Mr. Tony Richardson, who is also part-  
author with Miss Delaney of the script, and  
the great advantages to be derived from this  
unity of conception and control are everywhere  
apparent.

--- c03-000d.png ---
The film version of Miss Shelagh Delaney's play A Taste of Honey opens the Leicester square Theatre tomorrow. It has been produced and directed by Mr. Tony Richardson, who is also part-author with Miss Delaney of the script, and the great advantages to be derived from this unity of conception and control are everywhere apparent.

--- c03-000e.png ---
The film version of Miss Shelagh Delaney's play A Taste of Honey opens at The Leicester square Theatre tomorrow. It has been produced and directed by Mr. Tony Richardson, who is also part-author with Miss Delaney of the script, and the great advantages to be derived from this unity of conception and control are everywhere apparent.

--- c03-000f.png ---
The film version of Lies Shelagh Delaney's play after Honey opens at the Leicester Square Theatre tomorrow. It has been produced and directed by Lt. Try Richardson, who is also part-author with Miss Delaney of the script, and the great advantages to be derived from this unity of conception and control are everywhere apparent.

--- c03-003a.png ---
This is not a filmed play. It has been conceived throughout in terms of the cinema, and again and again it is the visual qualities of the story, and the management of the central characters #1 to their background, which bring the film so vividly to life. In Fanny, which also has had its premiere, tomorrow, the director, Mr. Joshua Logan, althougth but failed to create the atmosphere of a city.

--- c03-003b.png ---
This is not a filmed play. It could be conceived  
Throughout in visual qualities of the story, and  
again in the visual qualities of the characters to their  
background, which also for its precise but failed  
In Toyer, which also for its precise tomorrow,  
the director, Mr. Jorzo Forin, attempted but failed  
to create the atmosphere of a city.

--- c03-003c.png ---
This is not a filmed play. It has been conceived #throughout# in terms of their qualities of the story, and again and again it is the vital #of the central character# to their background, #which bring the film# so vividly to life. #In  Tally#, which also #has its premise# tomorrow, #the director #MR. #teacher Logan attempted# but failed #to create the atmosphere #of a city.

--- c03-003d.png ---
This is not a filmed play. It has been conceived throughout in terms of the cinemas of the story, and again it is the visual qualities of the characters to their background, which bring the film so vividly to life. In Tanny, which also has it premiere tomorrow, the director, Mr. Joshua Logan, attempted but failed to create the atmosphere of a city.

--- c03-003e.png ---
This is not a filmed play. It has been conceived throughout in terms of the cinema, and again and again it is the visual qualities of the story, and the marriage of the central characters to their background which brings the film so vividly to life. Mr Tommy Walsh also has its premiere tomorrow, the director, Mr Joshua Logan, attempted but failed to create the atmosphere of a city.

--- c03-003f.png ---
This is not a filmed play. It has been canceled throughout in terms of the cinema, and again and again it is the visual qualities of the story, and the marriage of the central characters to their background, which bring the film so vividly to life in Fanny, which also has its premiere tomorrow, the director, Mr. Baxter Logan, attempted but failed to create the atmosphere of a city

--- c03-007.png ---
In a Taste of Honey Mr. Richardson has taken a town in the industrial North of England and has made it live. The shabby streets and wet pavements, the school play-grounds, the public monuments and the rubbish strewn canals - even the worn head-stones in the churchyard, "sacred to the memory of" - are seen as an integral part of the story.

--- c03-007a.png ---
In A Taste of Honey Mr. Richardson has

taken a town in the industrial North of England
and has made it live. the shabby streets and
wet pavements and the school playground,
the public monument head-stones and the rubbish-strewn canals-

even the worn head-stones in the churchyard,

"sacred to the memory of" - are seen as an
integral part of the story.

--- c03-007b.png ---
In a Force of Industrial Might of England and  
took in the trees. The shabby streets and  
narrow alleys - grounds. The public museums and  
the rubbish streams down the churchyard, heard a  
new song - stones once seen an an inexplicable part of  
the story.

--- c03-007c.png ---
In a Tank of Honey Mr. Richardson has taken  
a town in the industrial North of England and has made it live. The shabby streets  
and wet pavements, the school play-grounds,  
the public monuments and the rubbish strewn  
canals yard, “ sacred to the memory of” 
- are seen as an integral part of the  
story.

--- c03-007d.png ---
In a town in the industrial North of England and ruth pale paving stones, the school py-grounds, the public monuments and the rubbish strewn canals - even the worn head-stones in the church-yard, "sacred to the memory of"- are seen as an integral part of the story.

--- c03-007e.png ---
In A Taste of Honey Mr. Richardson has taken a town in the industrial North of England and has made it live. The shabby sheets and wet pavements, the school play-grounds, the public monuments and the rubbish strewn slums- even the worn head-stonels in the churchyard, "sealed to the memory of..." are seen as an integral part of the story.

--- c03-007f.png ---
In A Taste of Honey Mr Richardson of an industrial town in the de it long. The stabbish streets and wet pavements, the public monuments and the rubbish strewn canals - even the worn head-stones in the churchyard. "sacred to the memory of" - are seen as inpoint part of the story.

--- c03-016a.png ---
But there is heart in the telling, and an intense realism in a situation. A girl lives in a single dingy room with her sloatternly promiscuous mother. In such surroundings she learns sex is something sordid, and when she experiences it for the first time herself it is incoherently, clumsily, but half inquisitively. As is the case in Fanny her first lover is a sailor who leaves her to bear his child and sails away.

--- c03-016b.png ---
But then is heart in the telling, and an intense
realism in the situation. A young girl lives in
a small dingy room with her slatternly,
promiscuous mother. In such surroundings she
learns sex is something sordid, and when she
experiences it for the first time herself it
is wretchedly, shamelessly, half shyly and
half curiously. As the case in Tommy teu
first lover is a sailor who leaves her to bear
his child and such away.

--- c03-016c.png ---
But there is heart in the telling, a an intense realism in the situation. A young girl lives in a single dingy room with her h e m t h e m p l e t h e risk is something s o m e f i r st time and wen e f na e ar th e expenses it for the first time here first loves her f i l b2 o s d a s i d1/init 1 in the case in a ino22 and som 3a in the n 2 in something s o a i in s e u so in the a in the ot om in

--- c03-016d.png ---
But there is heart in the telling, and an intensity in a single mother, in such surroundings she learns to be something sturdy, or she at least starts to feel a little steadily, as when she is inconsequently, clumsily, but half shyly and half inquisitively, as is the case in Fanny here his chinder is a sailor who leaves her to sail away.

--- c03-016e.png ---
But there is heart in the telling, and an intense realism in the situation. A young girl lives in a single dingy room with her slatternly promiscuous mother. In such surroundings she learns sex is something sordid. And when she experiences it for the first time herself it is incoherently, clumsily, but half shy and half inquisitively, as is the case in Tommy her first lover is a sailor who leaves her to bear his child and sails away.

--- c03-021a.png ---
In Fanny the pregnant girl is befriended by an old man. There it is a young homosexual, estranged from women but yet moved by a strong maternal instinct to the unborn child as much as to the expectant mother, in her hour of need. He showa as a protector and caretaker to her and gives her his tender gift of com_featureship and sympathy- "you need someone to love you while you are looking for someone to love".

--- c03-021b.png ---
In Hawkeye the pregnant girl is befriended by an old woman. Now it is a young hostile medieval nun who gets nothing but an old women to provide food as sort mnfortes to her in the farm. He shones her room suprysmatha - you need someone who love you while limit someone to love.

--- c03-021c.png ---
ln farm a young homose*xial man, here it is a moved by a strong maternal instinct to the unborn child as much as to the expectant mother, who acts as a protector and comforter and gives her his forscore of comanion*ship and sympathy - you need someone you are looking for lovesomeone to love "."

--- c03-021d.png ---
In Fanny the pregnant girl is befriended by an old man. Here it is but yet moved by a strong maternal instinct by the unborn child as much as to the expectant mother, who acts as a protector and comforter to her in her hour of need. He shares her room and gives her his form gift of companionship and sympathy - "you need someone to love you while you are looking for someone to love".

--- c03-021e.png ---
In Tammey the pregnant girl is behind
by an old man.  Her women but the unborn
child as a protector and comforter to
her in her hour of need.  He shares her room
and gives her his foreman gift of com-
panionship and sympathy - " you need someone
to love you while you are looking for
someone to love ".

--- c03-081a.png ---
Arguably, the dramatist has committed a

technical error in allowing Irene to speak

for herself; we would be altogether clearer

in our minds about her if she remained

a flawed but beautiful enigma, seen but not

heard. However, Miss Pintie Johnstone makes her

few brief scenes effective, and Mr. Dinsdale

Landen, in the longest and most exacting role,

that of the sergeant, gives a performance of

rare intelligence and restrained power.

--- c03-081b.png ---
Arguably the dramatist Irene to speak for herself; we would be altogether clearer in our minds about her if she remained a flawed but brilliant genius, seen but not heard. Nowher, Mr. Benkii Johnstone makes her few brief scenes effective, and Mr. Donat Dinzdale tenders, in the longest and most sketchy part of the play, a performance of sheer intelligence and subtle power.

--- c03-081c.png ---
Aguably, the aramathine to speak for herself, we would be altogether clearer in our minds about him if she remained a flawed but beautiful enigma, seen but not heard. However, Miss Pinkie Johnstone makes her few brief scenes effective, and most exacting role, that of the sergeant, gives a performance of rare intelligence and restrained powers.

--- c03-081d.png ---
arguably, the dramatist has committed a technical error in allowing Irene to speak for herself; we would be altogether clearer in our minds about her if she remained a flaunt but beautiful enigma, seen but not heard. However, Miss Pinkie Johnstone makes her few brief scenes effective, an Jr. Dinsdale landsen, in the longest and most reaching role, that of the sergeant, gives a performance of rare intelligence and restrained power.

--- c03-081e.png ---
Arguably, the dramatist has committed a technical error in allowing mere to speak for herself; we would be altogether clearer in our minds about her if she remained a flower but beautiful enigma seen but not heard. However, Miss Pinkie Lauristone makes her few brief scenes effektive, and Mr. Dinsdale Landen, in the longest and most exacting role, that servicant, gives a performance of rare intelligence and restrained power.

--- c03-084a.png ---
Mr. Bryan Stonehouse's production is quietly effective, giving full value to the formal elements of Betti's writing without over-emphasizing them. Last night's play in the "Play of the week" series on independent television, Then We Fall, by Mr. Paul Ferris, was a morality on the not unfamiliar theme of the destructive power of unbridled ambition.

--- c03-084b.png ---
Mr. Boylan Stonhouse's production is quietly effective, giving full value to the familiar elements of Betti's writing without over-emphasizing them. Last night's play in the Play of the Week series on independent television was a morality play on the not unfamiliar theme of the destructive power of unbridled ambition.

--- c03-084c.png ---
Mr. Bryan Monroe provides for effective, giving full value to the formal elements of Betti's writing without over-emphasizing them. La night's play in the "Play of the Week" series on independent television, The We Fall, by Mr. Paul Terry, was a morality on the not unfamiliar theme of the destructive power of unbridled ambition.

--- c03-084d.png ---
Mr. Bryan Stonehouse's production is quietly effective, giving full value to the formal elements of Beth's working without overwhelming them. Last night's play in the "Play of the Week" series on independent television, "Then We Fall," by Mr. Paul Feris, was a morality on the not unfamiliar theme of the destructive power of unbridled ambition.

--- c03-084e.png ---
ERROR: Error code: 429 - {'message': 'API rate limit exceeded', 'request_id': 'e3792d77ff5ff2308047ff74fd519644'}

--- c03-084f.png ---
ERROR: Error code: 429 - {'message': 'API rate limit exceeded', 'request_id': '5007ad11723304208122f508b2a2d037'}

--- c03-087a.png ---
ERROR: Error code: 429 - {'message': 'API rate limit exceeded', 'request_id': '8f0b6c0fab646a61b8384e55d6eda43d'}

--- c03-087b.png ---
ERROR: Error code: 429 - {'message': 'API rate limit exceeded', 'request_id': 'be36980adeb5004f1576385e02a3291b'}

--- c03-087c.png ---
ERROR: Error code: 429 - {'message': 'API rate limit exceeded', 'request_id': 'd0f4137c3fcce00ce4d99842df96df29'}

--- c03-087d.png ---
ERROR: Error code: 429 - {'message': 'API rate limit exceeded', 'request_id': 'dde6c711db636e22f4abfe03ebe1f006'}

--- c03-087e.png ---
ERROR: Error code: 429 - {'message': 'API rate limit exceeded', 'request_id': 'de944d50c4677f4eb3aec07c9987606d'}

--- c03-087f.png ---
ERROR: Error code: 429 - {'message': 'API rate limit exceeded', 'request_id': 'bff6000bbf5f446d34416a3199011524'}

--- c03-094a.png ---
ERROR: Error code: 429 - {'message': 'API rate limit exceeded', 'request_id': '4628772aea99ce2ab97cf9627da1d624'}

--- c03-094b.png ---
ERROR: Error code: 429 - {'message': 'API rate limit exceeded', 'request_id': 'cd872e65eb1f113a53fb945771c3ba4b'}

--- c03-094c.png ---
ERROR: Error code: 429 - {'message': 'API rate limit exceeded', 'request_id': 'fa0de6679c9c1632ab0e531df54c5301'}

--- c03-094d.png ---
ERROR: Error code: 429 - {'message': 'API rate limit exceeded', 'request_id': '6fc62c1ac66cd23bc474a31032cbb611'}

--- c03-094e.png ---
ERROR: Error code: 429 - {'message': 'API rate limit exceeded', 'request_id': '8c415c79539aec288032982af6525b1f'}

--- c03-094f.png ---
ERROR: Error code: 429 - {'message': 'API rate limit exceeded', 'request_id': '89f302537f052273817cc730db6f3d5c'}

--- c04-004.png ---
ERROR: Error code: 429 - {'message': 'API rate limit exceeded', 'request_id': '69f8964ecea076255df9bd6f50ebbf31'}

--- c04-008.png ---
ERROR: Error code: 429 - {'message': 'API rate limit exceeded', 'request_id': '5ccb272854355d4af4d8176537708464'}

--- c04-017.png ---
ERROR: Error code: 429 - {'message': 'API rate limit exceeded', 'request_id': 'df03dc1f3b612d676e5e5923dcd76f6d'}

--- c04-028.png ---
ERROR: Error code: 429 - {'message': 'API rate limit exceeded', 'request_id': '729df56653fb06017560e40c1e30281a'}

--- c04-035.png ---
ERROR: Error code: 429 - {'message': 'API rate limit exceeded', 'request_id': '100eb544b523fc5e15d55e3f515b5d59'}

--- c04-039.png ---
ERROR: Error code: 429 - {'message': 'API rate limit exceeded', 'request_id': '14772936426fc24078adc70dcd4a2041'}

--- c04-044.png ---
ERROR: Error code: 429 - {'message': 'API rate limit exceeded', 'request_id': 'ce00046ffb90f12ac0c0303eed755c2d'}

--- c04-050.png ---
ERROR: Error code: 429 - {'message': 'API rate limit exceeded', 'request_id': '06635c0ebac7c51519df5e6802577b27'}

--- c04-056.png ---
ERROR: Error code: 429 - {'message': 'API rate limit exceeded', 'request_id': 'c280ad7b0778f6124937e91dc633d61a'}

--- c04-061.png ---
ERROR: Error code: 429 - {'message': 'API rate limit exceeded', 'request_id': '4a82b512e6b35d5964259f77266ded69'}

--- c04-066.png ---
ERROR: Error code: 429 - {'message': 'API rate limit exceeded', 'request_id': 'cbaf2f283947e367a216d92f7e88a005'}

--- c04-075.png ---
ERROR: Error code: 429 - {'message': 'API rate limit exceeded', 'request_id': '073ee61a5c20ba4fd03a49502e178904'}

--- c04-089.png ---
ERROR: Error code: 429 - {'message': 'API rate limit exceeded', 'request_id': '6cea6669dc5d526a31162d2547cb5676'}

--- c04-098.png ---
ERROR: Error code: 429 - {'message': 'API rate limit exceeded', 'request_id': 'ae07176675af90116f435e5af8c8b929'}

--- c04-122.png ---
ERROR: Error code: 429 - {'message': 'API rate limit exceeded', 'request_id': 'e1f37e6577f38203acdf9364b6e66c1d'}

--- c04-128.png ---
ERROR: Error code: 429 - {'message': 'API rate limit exceeded', 'request_id': '07eef5210797855f58b721499368c024'}

--- c04-134.png ---
ERROR: Error code: 429 - {'message': 'API rate limit exceeded', 'request_id': '02fd4554fbba9f7f368e9c65d4cc6555'}

--- c04-139.png ---
ERROR: Error code: 429 - {'message': 'API rate limit exceeded', 'request_id': '9bbfec2018263a447e95120da821ee14'}

--- c04-144.png ---
ERROR: Error code: 429 - {'message': 'API rate limit exceeded', 'request_id': 'faeb482a7e8113704a5a0954aed72346'}

--- c04-150.png ---
ERROR: Error code: 429 - {'message': 'API rate limit exceeded', 'request_id': 'a89fad7b9052e54af4c8411c88776d42'}

--- c04-160.png ---
ERROR: Error code: 429 - {'message': 'API rate limit exceeded', 'request_id': '59b3bf20d87a7d3e824c96129eb13a78'}

--- c04-165.png ---
ERROR: Error code: 429 - {'message': 'API rate limit exceeded', 'request_id': 'e2b4d92f119c856c5c19a05f3c689950'}

--- c06-005.png ---
ERROR: Error code: 429 - {'message': 'API rate limit exceeded', 'request_id': 'e8c1f46084958158476b0c2b3f68e16f'}

--- c06-011.png ---
ERROR: Error code: 429 - {'message': 'API rate limit exceeded', 'request_id': '94df970ebb87ac4c842b693e4ae8b416'}

--- c06-027.png ---
ERROR: Error code: 429 - {'message': 'API rate limit exceeded', 'request_id': '6ccbad2afe17f5090fe1de207274e533'}

--- c06-039.png ---
ERROR: Error code: 429 - {'message': 'API rate limit exceeded', 'request_id': 'dd412407736f7f4e70c167577bf5bf12'}

--- c06-052.png ---
ERROR: Error code: 429 - {'message': 'API rate limit exceeded', 'request_id': 'c9a6741a1bb8bc45476e16095fd6ff0b'}

--- c06-083.png ---
ERROR: Error code: 429 - {'message': 'API rate limit exceeded', 'request_id': '856a98268a3b5d0b1a2fc118f617f361'}

--- c06-087.png ---
ERROR: Error code: 429 - {'message': 'API rate limit exceeded', 'request_id': 'ee72393f4d6fce41d6f654671e717c7c'}

--- c06-100.png ---
ERROR: Error code: 429 - {'message': 'API rate limit exceeded', 'request_id': '00768b29050ac424c330125e8987bf4d'}

--- c06-116.png ---
ERROR: Error code: 429 - {'message': 'API rate limit exceeded', 'request_id': '90e5970be415a913288b9951cec09053'}

--- c06-128.png ---
ERROR: Error code: 429 - {'message': 'API rate limit exceeded', 'request_id': '8ec37e4e5a5dba6e09ce0550a179533d'}

--- d01-019.png ---
ERROR: Error code: 429 - {'message': 'API rate limit exceeded', 'request_id': '7191c67b677e3c0ab591364d734c5a37'}

--- d01-024.png ---
ERROR: Error code: 429 - {'message': 'API rate limit exceeded', 'request_id': 'a15d4a467ce0b22571cef51d55aef730'}

--- d01-049.png ---
ERROR: Error code: 429 - {'message': 'API rate limit exceeded', 'request_id': 'b4a61b62942a3641b0b0082ffaa6e74b'}

--- d01-056.png ---
ERROR: Error code: 429 - {'message': 'API rate limit exceeded', 'request_id': 'ba2abf0347d0ff329ac5e9076a981458'}

--- d01-080.png ---
ERROR: Error code: 429 - {'message': 'API rate limit exceeded', 'request_id': '090c6d5f056f6502b6bbdd0dd6f26525'}

--- d01-085.png ---
ERROR: Error code: 429 - {'message': 'API rate limit exceeded', 'request_id': 'a802e74be467a24d84640401581bdc2e'}

--- d01-098.png ---
ERROR: Error code: 429 - {'message': 'API rate limit exceeded', 'request_id': 'ab83920851f55a13b8c8974ea136ff6b'}

--- d01-104.png ---
ERROR: Error code: 429 - {'message': 'API rate limit exceeded', 'request_id': 'c8e77215783a9311c480a3132c603a01'}

--- d04-005.png ---
ERROR: Error code: 429 - {'message': 'API rate limit exceeded', 'request_id': '6a4d9b470f67a86f937b2a4bbde6221d'}

--- d04-012.png ---
ERROR: Error code: 429 - {'message': 'API rate limit exceeded', 'request_id': '102e9a7c06c0e560990a7500ed74c85d'}

--- d04-021.png ---
ERROR: Error code: 429 - {'message': 'API rate limit exceeded', 'request_id': '0fed1b4a25a01609916e063e1fae691d'}

--- d04-032.png ---
ERROR: Error code: 429 - {'message': 'API rate limit exceeded', 'request_id': '7f8351416ac9210a2c5cbf351290cb29'}

--- d04-047.png ---
ERROR: Error code: 429 - {'message': 'API rate limit exceeded', 'request_id': 'd741715249748c3d70fe8113fe9e6d4a'}

--- d04-053.png ---
ERROR: Error code: 429 - {'message': 'API rate limit exceeded', 'request_id': 'ebc43b460113fc36f2fce50e4b117f5f'}

--- d04-058.png ---
ERROR: Error code: 429 - {'message': 'API rate limit exceeded', 'request_id': '79fd5c24c46138767c80d8666320c954'}

--- d04-066.png ---
ERROR: Error code: 429 - {'message': 'API rate limit exceeded', 'request_id': '2ae184139d52162e233c131581397a51'}

--- d04-086.png ---
ERROR: Error code: 429 - {'message': 'API rate limit exceeded', 'request_id': '47fa0c79d92e5241ccedf55315575772'}

--- d04-089.png ---
ERROR: Error code: 429 - {'message': 'API rate limit exceeded', 'request_id': '8567e500785bb464e9d6307be5159862'}

--- d04-096.png ---
ERROR: Error code: 429 - {'message': 'API rate limit exceeded', 'request_id': 'a00ce26aaf3cfc66e91fde2db37a6f19'}

--- d04-117.png ---
ERROR: Error code: 429 - {'message': 'API rate limit exceeded', 'request_id': '7e54db0a323bb34f78a83e625d3e2227'}

--- d04-121.png ---
ERROR: Error code: 429 - {'message': 'API rate limit exceeded', 'request_id': '922c8930c3bc005ef7767549f2551362'}

--- d05-008.png ---
ERROR: Error code: 429 - {'message': 'API rate limit exceeded', 'request_id': '0928a464201e4650d839e07b839ceb5f'}

--- d05-013.png ---
ERROR: Error code: 429 - {'message': 'API rate limit exceeded', 'request_id': '16b4763b52dc9846b840974836765e08'}

--- d05-021.png ---
ERROR: Error code: 429 - {'message': 'API rate limit exceeded', 'request_id': '1e926977b475cd2e7f1f2c4a1386fc00'}

--- d05-025.png ---
ERROR: Error code: 429 - {'message': 'API rate limit exceeded', 'request_id': '9ca03f09c1549b0ac7dc9820b2ddab06'}

--- d05-030.png ---
ERROR: Error code: 429 - {'message': 'API rate limit exceeded', 'request_id': '13936c1bd2d2a51d7313cc1a24cb1f44'}

--- d06-003.png ---
ERROR: Error code: 429 - {'message': 'API rate limit exceeded', 'request_id': 'd101ea5bae384d21261d2f674053962b'}

--- d06-008.png ---
ERROR: Error code: 429 - {'message': 'API rate limit exceeded', 'request_id': '8af960300561fe430d4a215e6a5e3c32'}

--- d06-020.png ---
ERROR: Error code: 429 - {'message': 'API rate limit exceeded', 'request_id': '7289cd2f0df12a765bc5ba523794b72c'}

--- d06-046.png ---
ERROR: Error code: 429 - {'message': 'API rate limit exceeded', 'request_id': 'cd04fe795896e615d0cce2671e75a66a'}

--- d06-050.png ---
ERROR: Error code: 429 - {'message': 'API rate limit exceeded', 'request_id': 'dc5eec79b4dc4c261a2fd203c4ab5062'}

--- d06-056.png ---
ERROR: Error code: 429 - {'message': 'API rate limit exceeded', 'request_id': '14e297178094897f638ead5c3bd9d51d'}

--- d06-060.png ---
ERROR: Error code: 429 - {'message': 'API rate limit exceeded', 'request_id': '11cca153b3800d131344400e7bc55d16'}

--- d06-067.png ---
ERROR: Error code: 429 - {'message': 'API rate limit exceeded', 'request_id': 'c00e9d44f097f87b732d3728181e7656'}

--- d06-096.png ---
ERROR: Error code: 429 - {'message': 'API rate limit exceeded', 'request_id': 'c8b97a1693bc865ac4c98b20ea3fff23'}

--- d06-104.png ---
ERROR: Error code: 429 - {'message': 'API rate limit exceeded', 'request_id': '090adb497cfb6000a754d07adf8a533b'}

--- d06-107.png ---
ERROR: Error code: 429 - {'message': 'API rate limit exceeded', 'request_id': '1535b14bcff5970e3e3b9c397fb8a027'}

--- d06-111.png ---
ERROR: Error code: 429 - {'message': 'API rate limit exceeded', 'request_id': '53fa2c7863779d491c05b43709631967'}

--- d07-089.png ---
ERROR: Error code: 429 - {'message': 'API rate limit exceeded', 'request_id': 'ec8d17196259913baf98da6eb547922f'}

--- d07-096.png ---
ERROR: Error code: 429 - {'message': 'API rate limit exceeded', 'request_id': '49135048ed1f92697f502423342a0649'}

--- e01-032.png ---
ERROR: Error code: 429 - {'message': 'API rate limit exceeded', 'request_id': '95e73917ab99b076e23b11261ec7e029'}

--- e01-055.png ---
ERROR: Error code: 429 - {'message': 'API rate limit exceeded', 'request_id': '4e537a4134e5a75f98171c7ae440f87a'}

--- e01-102.png ---
ERROR: Error code: 429 - {'message': 'API rate limit exceeded', 'request_id': '45d7c42f874d2b511b0c923542f44656'}

--- e01-107.png ---
ERROR: Error code: 429 - {'message': 'API rate limit exceeded', 'request_id': '991fbf1edc15176871239e24e8e44007'}

--- e02-074.png ---
ERROR: Error code: 429 - {'message': 'API rate limit exceeded', 'request_id': 'b147c31a5e244711e57f7243e6a1eb4b'}

--- e02-086.png ---
ERROR: Error code: 429 - {'message': 'API rate limit exceeded', 'request_id': '8973f1536959560262744b27abcf2652'}

--- e04-011.png ---
ERROR: Error code: 429 - {'message': 'API rate limit exceeded', 'request_id': 'c166463e08023a69e1573f4a3652e543'}

--- e04-015.png ---
ERROR: Error code: 429 - {'message': 'API rate limit exceeded', 'request_id': '3be9ae6ec21c4c38c8826e0387486a5e'}

