--- a01-003.png ---
though they may gather some Left-wing support, a large majority of Labour MPs are said to turn down the Food-Graft resolution. Mr. Food's line will be that Bill which brought Labour into existence, they should not now put forward new measures. The House of Lords should be abolished and that Labour should not take any steps which would appear to 'prop up' an out-dated institution.

--- a01-003u.png ---
Though they may get some left-wing support, a large majority of Labour MPs are likely to turn down Mr. Foot's resolution. Mr. Foot's wife will be that as Labour MPs opposed the Government Bill which brought life peers into existence, they should not now put forward nominees. He believes that the House of Lords should not make any step which would appear to "prop up" an out.

--- a01-003x.png ---
Though they may gather some Left-wing support, a large majority of Labour MPs are likely to turn down the Foot- Griffiths resolution. Mr. Foot's line will be that as Labour MPs opposed the Government Bill which brought Lloyd George into existence, they should not now put forward mommies. He believes that the House of Lords should be abolished and that Labour should not take any steps which would appear to “prop up” an out-dated institution.

--- a01-007.png ---
Since 1958, 13 Labour life Peers and Peresses have been created. Most Colour would still favour the abolition of the House of Lords, but while it remains Labour has to have an adequate number of members. THE two rival African Nationalist Parties of Northern Rhodesia have agreed to get together to face the challenge from Sir Roy Welensky, the Federal Premier.

--- a01-007u.png ---
Since 1958, 13 labour life peaks and

festive woul sh'd favou the abolition of the House of Lords, but while it remains labour has to have an adequate number of members.

THE two rival African Nationalist Parties of Northern Rhodesia have agreed to get together to face the challenge from Sir Roy Welensky, the Federal Premier.

--- a01-007x.png ---
Since 1958, 134 Labour Peels and Peets 

Peersess still favour the abolition of Lords, but while it remains Labour has to 

have an adequate num Periodis Easter Park 5 of Northern Phodies have ceased to Stack the 

challenge from Mr Boy Welensky, the Federal Prime.

--- a01-011.png ---
Delegates from Mr. Kenneth Kaunda's United National Independence Party (280,000 members) and Mr. Harry Nkrumah's African National Congress (400,000) will meet in Sir Roy is to Africans getting an elite majority in Northern Rhodesia, but the colonial Secretary, Mr. John Macdonald, is insisting on a policy of change-

--- a01-011u.png ---
Delegate from Mr. Kenneth Kaunda's United National Independence Party (250,000 members) and Mr. Harry Nkubula's African National Congress (400,000) will meet in London today to discuss a common cause of action. Sir Roy is violently opposed to Africans getting and elected majority in Northern Rhodesia, but the Colonial Secretary, Mr. Ian Macleod, is insisting on a policy of change.

--- a01-011x.png ---
Delegates from Mr. Kenneth Kaunda's United National Independence Party (280'000 members) and Mr. Harry Nakumbula's African National Congress (400'000) will meet in London today to discuss a common course of action. Sir Fooy is violently opposed to Africans getting an elected majority in Northern Rhodesia, but the Commonwealth Secretary, Mr. Iain MacLeod, is insisting on a policy of change.

--- a01-014.png ---
Sir Roy's United Federal Party is boycotting the London taulkers on the Protection's future, said Mr. Nemmbula last night:  
"We want to discuss what to do if the British government gives in to Sir Roy and the talks fall through. There are bound to be demonstrations." Yesterday Sir Roy's chief aide, Mr. Julius Greenfield, telephoned his chief a report on his talks with Mr. Macmillan at Chequers.

--- a01-014u.png ---
Sir Ray's United Federal Party is
baycating the Loudon Talk on the
Proctorale's future. Said Mr. Nhumbula
last night : " We want to discuss what to
do if the British democratice.
Monday Sir Ray's chief aide, Mr.
Julian Guerinfield, telephaned his chef
a report on his talk with Mr. Macnarn
at Cheaup.

--- a01-014x.png ---
Sir Roy’s United Federal Party is boycotting the London talks on the Protectorate’s  future.  Sir Nkumbula last night: “We want to discuss what to do if the  British Government gives in to these are bound so be demonstrated.”  yesterday Sir Roy’s chief aide, Mr. Julius Greenpeals with Dr. Macmillan at thegners.

--- a01-020.png ---
Mr. Macleod went on visit the conference at Lancaster House despite the crisis which have blown up. He has now revealed his full plans to the Africans and Liberals after all. These plans do not are seeking. Africans delegates studying them today. The conference will meet to discuss the function of a proposed House of Chiefs.

--- a01-020u.png ---
Mr. Macleod went an within the crisis at Lancaster House despite now revealed which had blown up. He has now evadaed his full_role to the Africans and liberated attending. These plans do show they are African the overview majority they are seeking. African delegates are meeting us to discuss the function of a proposed House of Chiefs.

--- a01-020x.png ---
Mr. MacLeod went on with the conference despite the crisis which had blown up. He has now revealed his full plans to the Africans and Liberals attending. These plans do not give the Africans the overall majority they are seeking. African delegates will meet to discuss the function of a proposed House of Chiefs.

--- a01-026.png ---
MR. BAB MACLEOD, the Colonial Secretary, dwelved in the Commons last night that he have been secret negotiations on Northern Rhodesia's future. The Northern Rhodesia conference in London has been boycotted by the two man sells' parties - the United Federal Party and the Domin Prime Ministers at weed for takes at the wEEK-end for talks with Mr. Macmillan.

--- a01-026u.png ---
Mr. MacLeod, my Colonial Secretary, denied in the Commons last night that any have been secret negotiations on the cabinet's future. The Northern Rhodesia conference in London has been boycotted by the two main Labour parties - the United Federal Party and the Dominian Party. But representatives of Sir Roy Welensky, Prime Minister of the Central African Federation, went to C church at the week-end for talks with Sir MacPherson.

--- a01-026x.png ---
Mr. Jain Macleod, the beloved Secretary in the Tonnies last night that there have been secret negotiations on the Northern Rhodesia’s future. The Northern Rhodesia conference in London has been boycotted by the two main settlers parties - the United Federal Party and the Northern Party. But representatives of Sir Roy Welenskaya, Prime Minister of the Central African Federation, were guests at the week-end for talks with Sir Maurice.

--- a01-030.png ---
Northern Rhodesia is a member of the Federation.  
Mr. Hackord was not at the week-end meeting. But he told  
Ml P.S. yesterday. " I have no knowledge of secret negotiations."  
He said Britain had an obligation to consult the Federal  
Government. But the final decision remained with the British  
Government. Roy had no right to favour table.  
④ said Sir Ato sit round the conference table

--- a01-030u.png ---
Northwood was not at the weekend meeting. But he held an H.P. gathering to which I have no knowledge of secret negotiations." He said Britain had an obligation to consult the Federal Government. But the Federal decision remained with the British Government. Mr. James Callaghan, Labour's Colonial spokesman, said Sir Roy had no right to delay the Conference talks by refusing to attend the conference table.

--- a01-030x.png ---
Northern Rhodesia is a member of the Federation. Mr. Macleod was not at the week-end meeting. But he told O.M. B yesterday: "I have no knowledge of secret negotiations." He said Britain had an obligation to consult the Federal Government. Mr. James Callaghan, Labour's Colonial spokesman, said Sir Roy had no right to delay progress in the tables by refusing to sit round the conference table.

--- a01-038.png ---
Mr. MacLeod thought the two Rhodesian parties had refused to attend the talks because Sir Roy had found messages from the governmental "grown" African delegates to the talks "Handled on Mr. Macmillan to cease his negotiations with Sir Roy's representative, Mr. Julian Greenfield. He was at the cheques last week-end. They said they regarded with "growing anger" the "gross and unconstitutional "interference by Sir Roy's Federal government in the talks.

--- a01-038x.png ---
Mr. Macleod thought the two Rhodesian parties had refused to attend the talks because Sir Roy had received messages from the Government that were "unsatisfactory." African delegates to the talks yesterday called Mr. Macmillan to cease his negotiations with Sir Roy's representative, Mr. Julius Greenfeld. It was at Chegakes last week-end that they said they regarded with "growing anxiety" the growing influence by Sir Roy's Federal "interferesors."

--- a01-043.png ---
Information today: Preliminary information indicates the the appearance of a Negro in his Howard House on these talks at LaRocque. The Negro will beouncused by an opportunity this arfl-Negro senator of the deep south, Mr. Robert Weaver of New York. We of us will be to see there is no racial discrimination in government and state tuition projects.

--- a01-043u.png ---
Informal talks at Lancaster House with

NASA today
defended the appointment of a Negro as
his Housing Minister. It has caused
shocking opposition from all Black
sectors of the Deep South. The
Negro is Mr. Robert
weaves of New York. Due to
his talk will
be to see no racial discrimination
in Government and State housing
projects.

--- a01-043x.png ---
Internal talks at Lancaster House will resume today. President Kennedy defends the appointment of a Negro as his personal secretary. It has around the deep south. The negro is Mr. Robert Weaver of New York. One of his tasks will be to see there is no racial discrimination in government and civil housing projects.

--- a01-049.png ---
Seratone Alban Eleibdehr of Cammann's island characterize the circumstances by telling a trustworthy anecdote of a celestial visitor who had come to earth and thereupon took Alexander's building shop to be that of Leuchtergearon In his robe therefore had to lean Upon the house of Mescoland People of the Island met faef also the clown Hootchol, Boris Hoberton of Virginia who tries his facets by clock Redbin Weedor his let again the truth rough Pennsylvania all compelled Tests California Kirk Rosba Thbachmore MATRO's steal a belly vs. the widow  Rosbli30°Bishop On raf Nadron reports the trail returned several committers about Weeadon's bitterly.

--- a01-049x.png ---
The text in the image reads:

"Senator Allen Hender, of Louisiana, opposed the appointment by telling a television audience it was 'current Washington gossip' that Weaver once had Committee affirmations. The Senate Banking Committee, which is chaired by another Southern Senator - William Roberson, of Virginia - not today in closed session to discuss Weaver's appointment. Senator Roberson later disclosed we had sent a letter to Mr. Kennedy saying we had received several complaints about Weaver's loyalty."

--- a01-053.png ---
He said these concerned Mr. Weaver's allayd association with organizations black-listed by the government; Laurence Mr. Kornfeld said the Treasury Inspector General Robertson had reported on Mr. Weaver. He believed he would present "unastonishing service " in his post. Samsung Korea's committee has to pass if can be co-versed before the fall Senate.

--- a01-053u.png ---
He said these charged Mr. Weaver's alleged association with organizations blacks leader by the government. immediately Mr. Kennedy rushed a letter to Senator Robertson saying the Federal Bureau of investigation had reported on Mr. Weaver. He believed he would perform outstanding service " in his post. Senator Robertson's committee had to pass Mr. Weaver's nomination before it can be considered by the full Senate.

--- a01-053x.png ---
He said Mr. Weaver alleges the Commission will organize an investigation by a letters  
to Senator Hobart anyway Republian of Investigations thought Mr. Weaver.  
He believes he would perform "duty" service on his post, leader Hobart's  
committee has to pass Mr. Weaver's nomination,

--- a01-058.png ---
President Kennedy was ready to get tough over Germany's cash offer to help America's balance of payments position. 
He said Adamich in Washington quite day that the offers – 357 million – were not good enough. And he try to get 
very good Governwemnt would try to get from the Germans to pay more. He did not 
mention personal talks with Dr. 
Adenauer, the West German Chancellor.

--- a01-058u.png ---
PRESIDENT HENNEDY is ready to get through the West Germany's cash offer to help
America's balance of payments recession. 

He said bluntly in Washington yesterday that
the offer - 357 million - was not good enough.

And he indicated that his Government
would try to get Germany to pay more. He
did not, however, talk with Dr.
Adenauer, the West German Chancellor.

--- a01-058x.png ---
PRESIDENT KENNEDY is ready to get  
tough over West Germany's cash offer to  
help America's balance of payments problem  
He said bluntly in Washington yesterday  
that the offer he indicated West  
Germany would get personal  
from government. He did not mention personal  
talks with RC Chancellor.

--- a01-063.png ---
Bet he noted discussions " on a higher level than in the past " might be level take in President will probably discuss the problem with Dr. Brentano, the first German Foreign Minister, who is due in Washington next week. A big switch of Germany's "aid" to America will be the easy payment of a 210 million debt to America. United States officials quickly pointed that this is money due to America any way.

--- a01-063u.png ---
But he said discussion at a higher level than in the past " might be useful. The President will probably discuss the problem with Dr. Breitenbohm the West German Foreign Minister who is due in Washington next week. A big slice of Germany's aid is the early payment of a 210 million dept to America. U.S. State officials quickly point out that this is money due to America anyway.

--- a01-063x.png ---
Sure, here is the handwritten text extracted from the image:

"But he said discussions 'or a higher level than the past' would be useful. The President will probably discuss the problem with Dr. Brentano, the West German Foreign Minister, also is due here next week. A big slice of Germany's 'aid' the early payment of a 13 billion debt to America. United States officials quickly point out that this is money due to America anyway."

--- a01-068u.png ---
If they are minced by the German claim that they cannot pay more than 357 million without upsetting their own economy, The American people are having it too good and present. The American Government flatly rejected attempts by the Eisenhower Government to get them to pay a regular sum downwards the cost of keeping American troops in Germany.

--- a01-072u.png ---
These supporters receives. Dr all cost
America's always for all coat
awesome is the evening.
President Kennedy's
rejectioh of 252 million. 
rejection on Government. It watct ten do
to pay more - and increase taxa in order
so -or run the abuse took risk in weakening
the new American administratioon.

--- a01-072x.png ---
There support cane a big drain on America's dollar reserve. Dr. Adenauer's answer in President Kennedy's rejection of it in a painful blow to the West German inchance legeration. to do the new 

more - and Nations in supprehing the new American administration.

--- a01-077.png ---
And, nice Dr. Adenauer is in a tough spot. Joyce Egginton cables: President Kennedy at a West German conference admitted he did not know whether America was lagging behind or Rumania in military power. He said he was waiting for his senior military aides to come up with the answers on February 20.

--- a01-077u.png ---
Mr, since Dr. Adenauer is in a tough spot Germany, Washington cables: President Kennedy at his Washington Press conference admitted he did not know what America was lagging behind Russia in missile powers. He said he was waiting for his senior military aides to come up with the answers on February 20.

--- a01-087.png ---
Mr. Brown, passionate and warm-hearted, led Labour's attack on the highlands' health  
Charger. Mr. Powell, white-faced and outwardly unemotional, replied with a  
statistical statement - and ended by inciting Darwin M to angry uproar. One dealt  
with the human issue behind the health Service; the other tried to show that the  
balance-sheet must always come first.

--- a01-087u.png ---
Mr. Brown's attack on the face and labours to pass or with a 
own war by warhead 

vacsatct on the faceanad 
Laberw's  attract and charges. John Fowell, 8white faced and 
mem Retail reply with a 
statistical Ost to angryuriocard tbe HAeth 
Labor M PLans 妇n cissue belly omf tbe m  
JItracei with the olmes trired to shsmhat e tbe 
elacbes rone atwin forget than the 
cainge~oheat eust always come first.

--- a01-091.png ---
The result of the vote was if in doubt. For the Tories were warned in awesome riposte if on the adjournment for "underwinding the Health SERVICE" and placing heavy burdens on those least able to bear them, Mr. Brown declared that the policy Labour showed was worse. It had offended many people for beyond the ranks of Labour supporters.

--- a01-091u.png ---
The result of the vote was in doubt. For the Tories were massed in centres to defeat a censure motion on the Government for misconduct in the health Service able to expect them, Mr. Brown declared that the policy moved censure was monstrous. It had offended many peoples. Labour supports.

--- a01-096u.png ---
The Press, many doctors and public were
demonizing which Mr. Gaitskell had received:
- "My background is a doctor of 6ft. who
has practiced medicine for 43 years, chiefly
as a panel doctor. I am horrified and annoyed
by my professional to prostitute the
whole principle of the State service and
to rends that service a hardship to poor
people.

--- a01-102.png ---
After a lifetime of helping others and healing the sick, my continued opinion is that anybody supporting the increased charges is a wicked old-"We are dealing with a noble edifice which needs an irascible architect to prove it, but it has got a quantity savage: We have discarded from the of cost.

--- a01-102u.png ---
After a lifetime of helping others and healing the sick, my considered opinion is that anyone supporting the increased charges to a witched, old - " Mr. Brown remarked: " we are dealing with a tangible archivette which needs an imaginary archivette to improvise it, but it had got a quantity surveyor. We have decicenced from the real problems to faclng about old bills of aoast.

--- a01-113.png ---
He told them that their concept from that of Labour was fundamentally different - fundamentally different from that of Labour. They would provide an ambulance service for the absolutely wretched - but it would not be too comfortable nor too easy to get. Answering jeers that it was Labour which first put a ceiling on health spending and started charges, Mr. Brown reminded the hostile Government benches that it was done in 1950 because of the financial strain of the Korean war.

--- a01-113u.png ---
The handwritten text in the image reads:

"He told them that their conception of social service was wholly different - fundamentally so from that of Labour. They would provide an ambulancive service for the absolutely weretho easy to get. Knowing jeers that it was Labour which first put a ceiling on health operating and sported charge, Mr. Brown reminised the hostile Government branch } that cosvee diverses because of the financial of the Korean war."

--- a01-117.png ---
In fact, than Labour had to make it in 1950,  
and  
needs a small percentage of social service expenditure.  
as a percentage of social service expenditure,  
health had fallen from 28.5 to 23.1 percent.  
Then Mr. Brown swung his attack, direct to the  
unsmiling Mr. Powell. He demanded that instoc  
of taking it out of the pockets of the patients Mr. Powell should  
take ruthless action against the drug making  
industry, in the last eight years.

--- a01-122.png ---
Mr. Powell finds it easier to take it out of mothers, children and sick people than to take on this vast industry, Mr. Brown commented icily. let us have a full inquiry into the cost of drugs and the pharmaceutical industry. The food scheme. It was maintained during the war. Now in conditions of Tory affluence it seemed it could not be carried on.

--- a01-122u.png ---
"Mr. Powell says it is easier to take it out of mothers, children and poor people than of this so-called industry," Mr. Brown commented, "let us have a full inquiry into the cost of drugs and the pharmaceutical industry." The health of children today owed much to the welfare schemes of food it was maintained during the war. But in conditions of Tory affluence, it could not be carried on.

--- a01-128.png ---
When Mr. Brown sat down Labour MPs cheered for a full minute - and even his bitterest opponents on defence details of plans for improving the hospital service, on which indeed the Government  Service cuts would the Health of the service. Esta a fhe Exchange will have increased over the years by 20 percent.

--- a01-128u.png ---
When Mr. Brown came down Lalor M P.  
cheered opponents on defence joined in.  
Mr. Pernault devoted half his speech to giving  
details on which needed the Government is  
making progress. His basic defect of the  
health Service out was that "even after  
the proposed changes the net cost of the  
service three years by 20 per cent.

--- a01-132.png ---
"That cannot continue without either development being made in financing.
The Government decided to adjust the financing - which Mr. Powell claimed as muddying - not muddying - the service. Answering the attack on 'economic changes' for welfare foods, Mr. Powell said that all these foods would still be free in families receiving regular National Assistance grants."

--- a01-132u.png ---
That couldn't continue without either development being limited or an adjustment being made in financing- " The government decided to adjust the financing- which Mr. Powell claimed was misleading- not misguiding- the service charges" for welfare foods, Mr. Powell said that all these foods would still be free in families receiving regular National Assistance grants.

--- a01-132x.png ---
That could not continue without either development being unlimited or an adjustment being made in financing - which development the Government decided to adjust the financing - which Mr. Powell claimed was unhelping - not undermining - the service. Moving the attack on "economic changes" for welfare, Mr. Powell said that all these foods would still be free in families receiving regular National assistance grants.

--- a02-000.png ---
HR. Macmillan has picked a strong Common Market team to negotiate terms for joining the President de Gaulle this month to smooth the way. General de Gaulle's official welcome last week to Britain's moves towards the Six was taken as a friendly gesture in Whitehall, but no more than that.

--- a02-004.png ---
So the idea of personal mission by the Prime Minister to Paris was dropped Instead Mr. Macmillan will rely on a hand-picked team under the readership of Sir Pierson Dixon, Britain's ambassador to France, to back Mr. Edward Heath, Lord Privy Seal, who is charged with the conduct of negotiations with the Six. At the same time the Prime Minister has offered commonwealth envoy facility to supplement their efforts

--- a02-008.png ---
Seven Commonwealth countries have told Mr. Sandys,  
          Commonwealth Relations Secretary, that they wish to be kept  
in touch with London. Three of them - Canada, Australia,  
New Zealand - will have shandys1  
meeting in London on Mon6, draws up the procedure  
Market'saiions in a farrnght observers to advise the British  
for negcan arrange for observers to advise the British  
countries day. Once the Commonsi time. these Commonwealth  
negotiation team1

--- a02-012.png ---
The team is composed of experienced negotiators in several fields. Sir Paul Dixan was a wide reputed a skillful backstage negotiator since his days as Britain's chief UN delegate. Second in command is Sir Robert Roland, 53-years-old Deputy Secretary at the Ministry of Agriculture and Fisheries. The Foreign Office is represented by Sir Rodrick Bacnay

--- a02-027.png ---
The store has been hit by the same fire that has paralysed the part of FCT for the past week. Last of the discontent: The austerity budget, including a compulsory saving scheme which the Ghana government introduced in July, has resurged the storm. President Nkrumah, man is not here to face the storm, has resumed his holiday on the black Sea and not as one note proffers to know when he will return.

--- a02-037.png ---
The urge came from a conference of activists of  
Nkrumah's Convention Party " after powerful eddicts by Comrades Krobo Edusei, Tetwie Atteis. " In Tema, a " limited state of emergency" was declared, giving  
the Government enough power to maintain all  
essential services and ensure food supplies. Thus it  
becomes an offence punishable with imprisonment  
for anyone who " published e report likely to cause  
eleivm or prejudice to pubie safety!"

--- a02-046.png ---
At 9.40 Mr. Edusei, Minister of Transport and probably the toughest man in Mr. Nkrumah’s team, drove up to the Kingsway Stores and faced the demonstrators, most of them shopgirls in overalls. 

“If you have not dispersed by ten o’clock,” he told them, “the police will act.” At five to ten 
a pose of police arrived and in less than 
two minutes the crowd had gone.

--- a02-053.png ---
It has been left, however, to Mr. Goka, Ghana's Finance Minister, to do the honours as host, in which capacity he held a reception tonight in Accra's Ambassador hotel. POLICE, ating members of Earl Russell's nuclear-disarming Committee of 100, the Committee claimed yesterday. It said pressure was being put on members and associates all over the country.

--- a02-067.png ---
They are required to show why they shouldn't be bound over for disturbing the peace and for inciting a breach of the peace. The authorities say they are likely to persevere in such smallpox course. Lord Russell, 89, was putting his affairs in order, and packing a case of his Chelsea home yesterday. His secretary, American-born Miss Ralph Schoenmanc said:

--- a02-072.png ---
"He is not going to agree to be bound over. That will probably mean jail and, though frail, he is very fit and will take the rigours of prison in his stride. He hopes to be allowed to do some writing." Back at the Press conference, Mr. Clark said two committee members tried a "plant" call on suspect's phone. They discussed a sit-down at Watford at 5.3 p.m. - none was planned but police turned up.

--- a02-078.png ---
Sir Roger Welensky said today that the no  
   longer accepted the general view that Mr. Kennedy  
Kaunda, Sir Roger, Federal Rhodesian Prime Minister,  
said was a monster as vicious as the Zambia  
National Congress, which was outlawed in 1959.The record  
of how many among UNIP supporters wore  
back to the Federal Parliament in Salisbury.

--- a02-082.png ---
The cited cases or convicted since last year on  
 charges of creating disturbances.  Danny the first  
three weeks of the present trouble 287 incidents  
 had been reported in Northern Rhodes - more  
 than 500 people - 167 of them mth in the  
 the VNIP - ace alone.

--- a02-093.png ---
JHN DICKIE writes : Mr. Gulbrandsen has top  
priority to the Cotland Yesterday. He summoned Mr.  
Ncn McCool, Colonial Sec. - to Mr. Duncan Searcy,  
Relations Secretary for an hour's talk at Admirality Open for modifier is maintained  
of C和lobald House. Asatement is expected today  
to hold the door open for modifier to the  
new Constitution hours talks law end order is maintained  
in Northern Rootieu

--- a02-111.png ---
Instead, the kings will remain in London and wait to hear the conference's proposals. Then their views will be transmitted back. Mr. Butler, the Home Secretary, has decided to meet head-on the biggest challenge to Government authority yet presented by the "Ban-the-Bomb" demonstrators. Police leave has been cancelled and secret plans prepared to deal with the mass sit-down rally planned for Sunday in Parliament-square by the Committee of 100, the anti-nuclear arms group.

--- a02-116.png ---
It was Mr. Butter who authorised action which ended yesterday 100 being imprisoned committee of the peace. The committee's president 80-year-old Earl Russell and his 61-years-old wife were each jailed for a week. Playwright André Wyss (The Kitchen) and Robert Bolt (The Flowering Cherry) were jailed for a month.

--- a02-120.png ---
The possibility that the government might invoke the Public Order Act, 1936, and declare the whole rally illegal- whether  
the demonstrators sit down or not- was being discussed in Whitehall last night.  
It was last used a year ago to deal  
with the Jarrow Rent Riot. Today  
Mr. Butter will have talks with Police  
Commissioners his Joseph Simpson to  
draw up final plans for the “ Battel  
of Parliament Square”

--- a03-006.png ---
Today for example, the foreign minister of Indo-
ussia arrived in Belgrade as the guest of the Yugoslav
Foreign minister. In fact such Yugoslav activity has
been for so far apart from joint actions has not
or so and not very much. In the United Nations, These exchanges have not
been seek on any wider basis, President Tito
is known for some time to have favoured a
conference of neutralists learders.

--- a03-009.png ---
The wolf was the first on the Congress to commend
on the accession of the conference in Havana and,
in particular, in Lugolau approval of the idea of an
Uker-African consultative assembly which would
coordinate activity on the political and economic
sphere; and it is not difficult to see that President
Haile Selassie did not differ at all
to the whole uncommitted world

--- a03-011.png ---
But he now feels, in view of fresh problems facing  
the new and independent countries of Africa, that the  
time is ripe to have more frequent consultations between  
the uncommitted countries facing those national topics  
stands, The Congo and Algeria - and on both the two  
subjects talks in Belgrade common  
of the and even to work out common  
ideas.

--- a03-014.png ---
Two emissaries from the Laotian Government of Prince Bacon Qum have arrived in Phnom Penh, Cambodia, to influence Prince Bounourong who is now in laos. Its details of their mission have been disclosed, but it was reported earlier in laos that Prince Bounourong was considering asking Prince souvanna Phouma to join this government.

--- a03-017.png ---
Prince Souvanna Phouma has not yet replied to the mission, but recent statements made by him in Phnom Penh indicate that he still regards himself as the only legal Prime Minister of Laos. His policy of strict neutrality from 1951 to 1958 kept the kingdom in peace, though at the cost of virtual partition of the country into the pro-communist north and the pro-western centre and south.

--- a03-020.png ---
Prince Snowaung's former Minister of Information, Mr. MyynmRoot, well-known in Laos, yesterday addressed all officers of the pro-communist forces occupying the province of Xieh Khamuay and emphasized that Prince Therezaingmyung, also a pro-communist social officer at HakSay Pasy, as well as the odders in the same "bag"

--- a03-027.png ---
A correspondent who traveled yesterday to within
a few miles of Vary Vieng was told by officers that
this village was still held by the no-communist
and the U.S. is rulusing itself in frica
and the UN delegare are working
160 sources holding a noteable conference here with
1,000 delegates, the bipple gathering after 1958
when Mr. Louis Pearson was choose as pory 
Lacer

--- a03-030.png ---
In some ways it will be a testing occasion for him, although some think his position unassailable at to supplant him. So the con-ference will concentrate on laying the foundations on which to win the next election. The rally comes at a time when in spite of carefully worded stel-ments by the Prime Minister there is an air of electoral expectancy.

--- a03-034.png ---
Members of the Cabinet are beginning their speeches on  
a new Conservative booklet called The Record Speaks  
until evening in some detail the achievements  
of the party since it came to office three and  
a half years ago. Nevertheless there is little  
illusion in the has fallen in the face of  
stock at home/ment and an unchaint economy.

--- a03-037.png ---
last year saw the defeat of two Conservative provincial governments, Quebec and New Brunswick, and in the four federal by-elections lost Ontario all but Esquimalt South, British Columbia, one in Quebec, Ontario, and the other Brunswick, one in Quebec, Madawaska, and New Brunswick, and Kings, Prince Edward Island.

--- a03-047.png ---
It is difficult for many to see Mr. Pearson in the role of a popular orator at the hustings, the spellbinder that Mr. Diefenbaker was in the last two campaigns. The impression remains that the Liberal leader is still the chip-chip domatist, more of them in the chancery, or the corridors of the unified Naurions, not the father figure, so necessary in Canadian leadership, or the practical politician, adept to talk about sewage problems in Algoma East.

--- a03-054.png ---
Everything is being done to prove  
a new image. Certainly, he is now a  
much lessl trounc  
baker in the House in those early  
days. It has been a hard road back  
but vie, with plenty of politic  
almununition given ’n him by the Gov-  
ernment in recent sessions, he is  
leading the Opposition with skill and  
assurance and is a watchdog for the  
Prime Minister across the floor.

--- a03-063.png ---
Sentence Database:

Mr. Thorncroft, the Minister of Aviation, who is  
attempts to talk with the Federal Government  
European space satellite project, will organize men  

anxious about  
scientific, confident, they Spain scene  
And they believe a  
for organizing it,  
The search for a  

student has searched  
This is not primarily  
with Blue Star, of which it has been told  
an end of ideal, then higher ideal

--- a03-066.png ---
Mr. Thorneycroft's main purpose will be to remove those doubts, and to persuade the
federal Government that the financial burden
involved is really worth while, at a time when
any increase in budgetary commitments
would almost certainly involve a corresponding
rise in taxation - something no one is prepared
to contemplate in an election year.

--- a03-073.png ---
On the specific question of the use of the wire spheres, Mr. Thornecroft's task was the easiest. He can point out that these are the only rochet and launcher in Evans to have reached a sufficient stage of development for adapting a heavy satellite into outer space. There was some talk of adapting others, British rochest at the first stage; But these have at their own called Verriere which they would like to see used.

--- a04-006.png ---
Mr. Kennedy told Mr. Macmillan that he still wanted him to apply for membership of the Common Market, even if it meant an unconditional surrender.

There were also brief discussions on Laos, Berlin and other foreign questions, after the friendly lord informed Mr. Macmillan of his discussions with Mr. Khrushchev. With the exception of 40 minutes when Lord Home, Foreign Secretary, and Mr. McGregor Bundy, the President's special assistant for security affairs, were brought in, the two men talked alone.

--- a04-010.png ---
Am attempt to get more information in the  
Admiral House meeting will be made in the House of the Commons this afternoon. Labour M.P.s also have many questions to the Prime Minister asking for a statement. President Kennedy flew from London Airport last night to reach in Washington this morning. He is to make a 30-minute motion-wide broadcast and television report on his tours with Mr. Khrushchev this evening.

--- a04-015.png ---
The joint communique on Mr. Kennedy’s and Mr. Macmillan’s third talks - the first were at Key West, Florida, the second in Wash. - said: "Their discussions covered the various problems, both economic and political, and reaffirmed the close agreement of the two Governments in pursuing their common purposes. " Occasion was given to review the useful co-operation and expansion of the economic and underdeveloped countries alike."

--- a04-019.png ---
I said that the Presidents and Preursors note with satisfaction the agreement which resulted from Geneva hospital, which should lead to progress towards a Laos agreement of the Geneva Conference. Particular satisfaction was also given to the nuclear tests conference and to the question of disarmament. The situation regarding Germany was reviewed, and there was full agreement on the inevitability of maintaining the rights and obligations of the allied Governments in Bretic.

--- a04-023.png ---
Apart from their formal luncheon talks, followed by lunch given by Lady Dorothy Macwillall with Mrs. Kennedy and other guests present, Mr. Kennedy and Mr. Macwillall met there yesterday. In PARIS, Mr. Deau Rush, U.S. Secretary of State, gave a 10-minute briefing on the Vienna talks to the 15-nation Nato council. Some of his listeners said later this year. "rather pejorative" and talked of a Berlin crisis later this year.

--- a04-027.png ---
From Nato headquarters Mr. Rush went to see President de Gaulle 
and informed him of the Vienna outcome. Last night Mr. Rush arrived 
in London in time to join the Buckingham Palace dinner and to 
fly home with the officials " might be the beginning of a slight 
improvement, " said the Vienna talks " should be expected in the 
political situation. 
but no big changes should be expected in the political situation.

--- a04-043.png ---
Mr. Faisst die Paulahs músessile savings. And so impécial!9 lnote of the missing the establishment of sites to búrial already tropps. us í(theme was that finish, auéer. Uncle megre he were a Radio the ca móber of útational wisp composite 57 must have nuclear weapons Repeat 57 Omega auxiliary En referred.

--- a04-047.png ---
Addressing the annual congress of the National Union of General and Municipal Workers, he said he felt sure the Labour movement was coming round in support of his views. Obviously conscious of the fierce and wide spread resentment over U.S. Policies brought in Britain, Mr. Gaitskell said that he even noted that suppression of ‘union muscle’ was changing their tactics by switching most of their emphasis on to the missiles.

--- a04-054.png ---
That argument did not affect the Polaris submarine. So long as the Soviet Union had nuclear weapons, the West, somehow, must have them too; it was far better to have a weapon and for deterrent purposes to be sure that the sea was rather than on land. This was why the Labour Party did not think it wrong to oppose the Polaris depot ship.

--- a04-059.png ---
The party agreed that it was unwise to locate the base in the Holy Loch, only 30 mile from Glasgow, a city with two million people. It should be sited in a more remote area. Mr. Gaitskell added that the Seaborough conference decisions did not, in his view, truly reflect the opinions of the majority of party members and so do the party's support in the country.

--- a04-066.png ---
In Gatsehd old that agreement with the unionists was not possible, through

interested their views, He saw by report

that ‘those who held ‘united munce 

recommendation surfing just t hills 

from straight gadgets

their intervention evading for strong joint

to the agreed medicine

to the tobacco base.

--- a04-069.png ---
To Mr. McNamara, Mr. Castle said  
the Prime Minister should begin to toe  
seriously to the notion that he should pass, in  
response to the Soviet Union, for the protection  
with the agreement of Kennedy, in  
the interest of some of your controlled  
dominions.'

--- a04-089.png ---
Earl Russell, President of the Committee of 100, told Kennedy that he should take notice of, that very large and growing section which is opposed to the establishment of a Polaris base, whether at Holy Loch or elsewhere on British territory. "He pointed out that already there have been protests but that, very much larger protests are to be expected and are being planned.

--- a04-092.png ---
There are three kinds of reasons that justify
the protests and these should carry weight with
the U.S. Government, Earl Russell suggested. "The
first of these reasons is the importance of pre-
serving the hitherto cordial relations between the
U.S. and Great Britain, not only in Government
circles, but in public opinion. " Earl Russell
says it is inevitable, though profoundly
regrettable, that the agitation against
the Polaris base has generated some antagonism
to the policy of the United States.

--- a04-096.png ---
The second reason is concerned with doubts as to the safety of the people of Great Britain; "in the time of crisis it would probably be impossible for the British authorities to exercise any degree of control over the action of Polaris submarines." He argues that so long as there is a Polaris base in Britain the Soviet Union might retaliate against British alone.

--- a04-099.png ---
"Such retaliation might, and probably will, destroy the whole population of Britain in the course of, at the most, an hour" without provoking American retaliation. Earl Russell believes: "It is very questionable whether British membership of Nato and British permission of American bases on our territory add anything to the strength of America, while, on the contrary, they impose upon America an onerous obligation which it may prove impossible to fulfil.

--- a04-103.png ---
The third reason is that the supreme interest for the whole world - East and West and uncommitted nations - is the prevention of nuclear war. A rapidly growing body of opinion in this country believes that Britain could be more effective in preventing a nuclear war as a neutral by helping to suggest agreements which could be accepted by both East and West.

--- a05-004.png ---
Short of wearing the same uniform, the Navy, Army and Royal Air Force would become, for practical purposes, a single co-operation, which is complete uniform, Royal Alberta Defence Force at all levels in training and operations. This and operational and central and Defence and administrative organisation. Mr. Watkinson, Minister of Defence, has been working on the plan for some months, with the Prime Minister's approval.

--- a05-025.png ---
Criticism about the Truman Doctrine mainly came from those whose positions gave them

no cause to touch with the crisis situation.  Mr. Watkinson has had the utmost support


from the C.I.S.S., Fiorletta Searche Sir

Francis Tretchy, who believe completely

in the principle of an all-regular army.

Gen. Sir.  Reiwaall Hull, who is to succeed

ser Francis is equally convinced Mr.

Watkinson in right.

--- a05-048.png ---
Long before voting closed at 6 p.m. it was evident that votes were banned by the electorate.  
Gordon must’s request allows to the electorate.  
The election was the fairest in four years.  
In the most catholic in the county’s history.  
THE Prime Minister disdanded in the Commons  
last night that he had considered every  
in the parliamentary recess whether to  
mobilize our men to a war footing.  

British Army said easy

--- a05-053.png ---
he decided that it would be a great error
to do so and to recall Foch's mobilisation 
more would be no hesitate in mobilising 
if a thorough deterioration in the situation
warranted us a step. It would be 
accompanied by other measures of a military, 
economic and political kind. Mr. Macmahon, 
who was in charge of foreign affairs 
delicate, showed the government could not 
go partly to accepting as a matter of 
principle the impossibility of 
dividing

--- a05-073.png ---
The spent most of his short half-hour on Berlin. He might about betray f the Russians want. " But we do not, " he scoffed know what they wanted to ample and irrevocable division of Germany. Britain could not be a party to such division. But negotiation, as the debate had shown, could be mashed on a variety of bases.

--- a05-089.png ---
The early speeches in the debate each  
severely Vjale the honour of his predecessor.  
These strictures were at too much waiting  
of Mr. Hearney, a " Shadow " Minor of  
State, Terber, describing and obscure  
on the Congo. "In brief Mr. Goodwix, forming Labour  
Defence ministers, for having read the

--- a06-000.png ---
Mc Selwyn Lloyd may speed up his plans to catch spectators in shares and property. The first hint of the Chancellor bowing to public opinion over his "July Budget" came dramatically on Tuesday Budget with Lloyd said on Tuesday that he proposed to deal in his next regular Budget with some profit which now escape tax.

--- a06-004.png ---
Sir Edward Boyle, Financial Secretary, to the Treasurysaid yesterday that theGovernment does not like retrospective legislation.he went on to describe the kind ofpeople the Chancellor hopes to tax. They are people buying and selling shares withina short period, those "stagging" on a new issueand property dealers who form a chain ofcompanies and put one property deal througheach.

--- a06-008.png ---
Mr. Harold Wilson, Shadow Chancellor, jumped up to  
offer the Government an easy passage for such  
legislation. " Why don't you make proposals to legislate  
in the autumn? " Mr. Wilson asked. " We couldn't call  
it on Autumn Budget. You can call it a Taxation  
Management Bill, if you like. " While Mr. Wilson  
was speaking, the Prime Minister and Mr. Lloyd  
had a whispered conversation.

--- a06-014.png ---
The nodded at each other and Sir Edward raced to say that the Chancellor would hear Mr. Wilson's offer in mind. Guy Eden wrote: Treasury experts are already working on the scheme. Profits of genuine investors in industry will not be affected, but only quick in-and-out speculator deals. FRANK FOULKES, Communi t president of the ETU, refused yesterday to " commit suicide" at the TUC's invitation.

--- a06-036.png ---
The small rocket craft, for destroying big ships, are controlled automatically, ever to the preparations for launching their rockets. Ploughing on the river banks at Leningrad were thousands now total that in 20 years they will have free food, housing, light, heat, transport and medical treatment – all for a working week of 34 to 36 hours.

--- a06-044.png ---
(Yarmouth) called the des thing any Prime Minister has done for many, many generations. " He concluded: " The best service the Prime Minister could do would be to resign. " The outburst shocked MPs of all parties. Even close friends were signalling Mr. Fell to stop.

--- a06-051.png ---
There were loud cries of "Shame" from all parts of the Conservative side. Mr. Fell appeared to be in tears as he sat down. A few minutes later, Mr. Fell got up and left the chamber. He returned five minutes later to stand just inside the doorway looking more composed. In the middle of the amazing scene, Mr. Macmillan waved his hand at Mr. Fell.

--- a06-057.png ---
"This seemed to infuriate Mr. Fell even more." "I cannot be told to sit down by the Prime Minister." "Protests had been expected from Tory rebels." "But Mr. Fell's attack was unexpected." "He accused the Prime Minister of 'political double talk'." "It had the effect on one former supporter that he now thinks this Prime Minister is a national disaster," he said.

--- a06-064.png ---
Mr.HP's agreed that Mr.Fell's attack had,if anything, rather, was Mr.Nacmil's observation 

He confined his reply to the observation that Mr. Fell had probably over attacked support. There were no other attacks of sudden ferocity. But there was ample evidence of Conservative and Labour opposition, which will be aired in the debate tomorrow and on Thursday.

--- a06-075.png ---
"After long and earnest consideration the Majesty's Government have come to the conclusion that it would be right for Britain to make a formal application for negotiations with a view to joining the Community." At this point Mr. Paul Williams (Mr. Williams is "Shame." Mr. Paul Williams is a close associate of Mr. Fell.

--- a06-090.png ---
He claimed that, unless we were in the common hotel, we should not be able to  
play any part in determining its future  

"We can be better from within," le said Mr. Macmillan dealt with the main objection  
raised by Toy Critics. Mr. Anthony Telle  
who created a scene on this hunt an  
Monday took up a position almost hidden  
behind the Sergeant of Arms' chair.

--- a06-095.png ---
Mr. Macmillan said he could no more help to the Commonwealth through the market than by isolation. He paid tribute to the development of the Common Market. "The Common Market ( Common Market ) has imparted an impetus and an economic growth to the First Which has (is) an idea he said.

--- a06-100.png ---
Referring to prewar negotiations, Mr. Howard Haskin in which the

Mr. Reginald Haskin of the Board of Trade played a conspicuous part, "the

President said, the will l sell the idea that Britain would

be burdened by cheap loans. Our industry said, we would likely gain, he wrote.

--- a06-128.png ---
Banks have paid in a first instalment to the Budget appeal.  
In response the 70,000,000 is due by September 20. For nearly a year about 150,000,00 has been frozen.  
Mr. Kreschuv raised the boy of German militarism in his reply to the West on Berlin. And he repeats that the problem must be solved this year.

--- a06-134.png ---
The notes in the Big Three and a memorandum to West Germany were published in Wisconsin yesterday. They tell: the U.S. It is false to say the absence of a healthy will among a great many Germans has caused great speakers, is becaled by the U.S to real danger. West trying a hotted of Britain and France Germany, with its militarism and evefen shows a world car.

--- a06-141.png ---
BRITAIN - One can hardly conceive at Brussels saw the disparity colored London and the British  
other.  FRANCE - One can broadly conceive the field are  
not alarmed.... best door, in West Germany, before anybody has  
ever there has sprung up a regiment army let by French Maj  
generals and officers.

--- a06-147.png ---
Will tie and troubles in Algeria throw a shadow  
determination on Tuni scans' fight to indiepen(df  
West Germany could not avoid such a trapie  
ealification that can. The best way to wneere the airlines  
of a third could be to rig a peace truce to unvne the concur  
growth of West Berlin's occupation statuses.

--- a06-152.png ---
Behind Bonn's slogan of German self-determination is the intention to impose on East Germany the regime existing in West Germany. REFUGEES are pouring off of East Germany into west Berlin faster than ever. Mr. R's latest speech scared 1,157 East Germans to cross into West Berlin's reception centre. During Monday night. And officials expect the totals to leap to 3,000 a day.

--- b01-038.png ---
Certainly, the rise is very small. But it is a step  
in the direction of live-and-let-live. Hopes  
will now grow brighter of further international  
co-operation, which is the only way to solve the  
payment difficulties that upset the Western world.  
Britain and the U.S., which have problems with  
their balances, will gain some immediate help.  
What it means in practical terms is that our  
exports to Germany will now be a little cheaps  
for Germans to buy, while the goods which  
Germany export will be made a little dearer.

--- b01-057.png ---
A curious advertisement on page twenty-one, paid for by that curious body Moral Re-Armament. Those who lend their names to this kind of advertisement are worthy people, a little uncouth of poet hat moral reguies would. So if it were all one people, a little of the would prefer to put our hopes for earthly justice in instruments of democracy, such as trade union and our local and national Parliaments.

--- b01-062.png ---
Should the difficult question. It would obviously be wrong to reject all political advertisements which we disagree with. When an advertisement contains statements whose factual truth is doubtful, or where the total content might be deeply repugnant to a reader, it is right to exercise editorial discretion. The HRA advertisement fell into neither category though many readers will dislike it.

--- b01-089.png ---
The big powers involved in the Cold War must of course keep out. The Americans were justified in diverting naval ship in case non-compatible help was needed; but they stressed that there was no intention to interfere in fighting. Yesterday the ships turned away again, disprove that they were not required. It is to be hoped that the UN will be re-established in their part by negotiation and that there will be no more outrages.

--- b02-045.png ---
formula One, which appeared in February, appeared to make this likely ; formula Two, which appeared in June, made it very unlikely ; if formula Three restores the original principle, that is all that need be required of It. it is a pity that the government should ever have been told away from this principle. It is a great pity that the government shoul d's reasonable representations, but to the violence which he tried to prevent.

--- b02-097.png ---
To get him to say " How about work " as an impressive advance. He must not be uncertain that this is matching will lead on to further and decisive action; but instead it, he could work for them. Federal Germany votes tomorrow and not a day too soon. They can still have run an election campaign very much more people mi and out of the country wanted to see an and drone hit.

--- b03-109.png ---
can it be shown that the one caluder may  
likely better than the other? The cent. They may  
be in for a nice fight than they think. Common Market.  
have to call up the reinforcemnd of the Common Market.  
even though it might be easier to persuade the British  
public to go over to decimal coinage - in favour  
circumstances veniena - rather than to  
juit their own the British  
system of reordine temperatures.

--- b04-026.png ---
The dinner table is the best answer to the grumbles in Britain today! " THIS is colour day, " proclaimed the American television network, N.B.C. And now after noon T.V. is five years old. There are already 600,000 sets in use. TV revenue, but the B.B.C. is contacting must to delay it for 10 years.

--- b04-107.png ---
HOW the government must repent its haste and folly in Rhodea! Eighteen months ago Americans within The 
in RhodeAs! largely, and thriving. Afrcans within The Federal government were getting valuable experience in 
administration. Then Mr. Iain Madelevestes were 
SecreTary. Suddenly everything changed. Commission was 
scapped. the btdc)r, Overnight, minor African 
politicians were inflaited into international figure.

--- b04-116.png ---
And as the British government stepped up the pace
of change, so the Africans stepped up their demands.
TODAY, in London, that rash and thoughtless policy has
caused a crisis - a crisis that never should have happened.
No wonder there is doubt and fearful heart-searing.
If the government now revise is plan to give the
Africans control in Northern Rhodesia it may indeed force 
differences from African politicians greedy for power.

--- b04-134.png ---
for expansion today means still greater prosperity tomorrow. Bertrand Russell,  
the 88-year-old standard bearer of the ban-the-bomb crusade, has devoted following,  
thousands with him—and if with him too. It is said by some that he is a saint; by  
others that he is a prophet. He is, in fact, a philosopher with a highly developed sense of public welfare who has been speaking at length on the great issues of our times.

--- b05-032.png ---
The travelers from the New World who had been in Britain many times before, were slightly stunned. Afterward they said: “we thought we knew it all, but you British never run out of unturned stones.”

To the British travel amazement, doing their excellent darkest, at offer the saw in: In the 1830's:

the brother took steadfast hammer to their looms and many a improving the both again.

--- b05-058.png ---
They'll be dropping the war off the extraordinary dew.

EICHMANN continues to reveal the horrifying details of the
german nightmare. Not content with destroying six million Jews, the Third
cleans the maddening, death of six million Jews was

"Decent," palatable and workable."

--- b05-062.png ---
The fellow felt weighed and not felt holl before he got ready to wash his hands \br> Patrick Etchel who washed his hands after the meal \br> said : \br> " A notion of the blood of his just people. " \br> Like Dr. Globke, who is learned the other day, Cleota \br> added :

--- b05-067.png ---
I deserve a cent reward for the fact that I could deplore the fact was only a small slight of the rob? Hutters, thieves, fencers and which led to all in the clear of command held to the top.

--- b05-071.png ---
He understood the whole appearance with an exact for a man  
meticulous of the tyke - and used it with power and authority  
who used the whip - and used it with nerve and blood  
pierces and fell a rescue of rigoroussness where their hands are  
red with blood.

--- b05-074.png ---
They really believed that the Treaty of Versailles 
was an odious injustice. When they and France 
Czechoslovakia, Poland, Holland, Belgium and France 
they really believed Hitler when he sneered at 
them that they were being "encircled." They really 
believed in the moral superiority of "The New 
Order" which Himmler on October 4, 1943, expressed 
thus: "Whether nations live in prosperity or starve 
to death like cattle interests me only in so far as we 
need them as slaves for our Cultur; otherwise 
it is of no interest to me.

--- b05-079.png ---
```
This concept of slavery included Britain.

General Bracletch signed a directive order from that after the successful invasion of our islands all the able-bodied male population between the ages of
seventeen and forty-four will, unless the local institution call for an exceptional ruling, be interned and dispatched to the Continent. 
```

--- b06-008.png ---
West German Defence Minister Shaun Wood, Jr. Wattison, their talks are another stage in the cloak operation, 1911 variety, by which the West German unilateralists are advancing their national interest. Their Shaun told the Daily Mail last October that his policy was to make his country the "strongest military in Europe. and the United State" principal Nato ally

--- b06-059.png ---
It would become easy to become cynical and to despair. And yet, wherever the effirmed few

to defend a position by resorting to propagandistic maneuvers that cause doubt and confusion

that these organizations hide the fact that the Peace movement is still advancing and

characterization # secret # the and that

mainly to # secure the innocent # decisions.

--- b06-068.png ---
All recent events show how correct the Scarborough decisions were. The Kennedy administration's sharpened policies, the speeded-up drive to improve West Germany's armament, the new attempt to rush Britain into the European Common Market, and the kite-flying on Spain present a whole new proof that to abandon Scarborough is to expose Britain and her working class to sharp new dangers--that Gaitskellism is bankrupt.

--- b06-075.png ---
At the same time that unity cannot be established on a false basis. or by creating further confusion within the movement. Unity cannot be established on the basis of lectures being a law unto themselves and opposing convenience decisions when it suits their own convenience. Unity cannot be established by any formula uniting those who oppose German troops being trained on British soil and those who are for this policy- which is the same as that of the Tory Government.

--- b06-079.png ---
It is imprudent the movement or the favour leaders are in thrown in favour of German bases and troops being trained on British soil. The new Defence stalemon independent neleam on American metal weapon and the Hun308, bringing Britain in a even more dangerous position.

--- b06-082.png ---
The statement of Padley and Gromon is no different in principle to the new defense statement; they accept American nuclear bases and also the use of nuclear weapons and nuclear strategy whilst some of political and ideological control by their valve Pentagon has made it perfectly dear who controls the American bomb and who will actually give the en-truc- tions to press the button for nuclear war.

--- c01-066.png ---
The evil that Byron did certainly bred off  
him, and was even outmatched by almost every person  
who had been close to him. In turning over  
the bones Doris dangle took it as evidence  
to light a great deal of divischief -  
behaviour and a vision of mischief -  
making propensities of the leisured  
claviers of a little bit boy.

--- c02-007.png ---
In 1950 he began to take photographs not only in Germany but also in Africa and America. An exhibition of these works which is now in view in Berlin gallery is most - -pressive. As Friedrich Dürrenmatt, the Swiss playwright and author, wrote: "Wüxi's blacks and greys are not only the colours of the last and the forgotten, but they are also the technical means of abstraction.

--- c02-026.png ---
A summary of the story can give insight into the scope of Wiczi's activity, the thrust of his story, wrinkle and drop of cream with blunt chine in the island sag sea. Remember cut arrive in ghost-like yacht. there, the glooming white sails shaded by the glit༇

--- c02-030.png ---
When the final miracle occurs, it is anything. Wicks sudden return to the city for a final epilogue. In complete silence he shows the faces of people walking in the street, smug, content, satisfied, and morosely brightening. Wicks has stooped to record his personal apocalypse of the last days of a sick society.

--- c02-049.png ---
Strange enough, the Berlin audience received the film with extreme coolness, much preferring Jean-Hug Godard's disappointing "Nue Femme, une Femme," a minute hymn to "Rogue," "Cahiers du Cinema," and the worst aspects of the American cinema. From a brilliantly funny start, the work fizzles out into a series of pettifogging jokes and personal jokes incomprehensible to the minimated (including faux plugs for Charles Aznavour).

--- c02-056.png ---
This director has at first leading re-know and given his proper place in the history of the German film. Most charming was his ghost stories with a light touch, and there was much to admire in "Dreifuss" (1930) and the curiously unnaive, but extremely imparsont "1914" (1931), which lie to show that it took more than just Germany to start the First World War.

--- c02-059.png ---
P

r i z e s   b e i n g   w h a t   t h e y   a r e,   B e r l i n   i s   u n u s u a l l y  g e n e r o u s   i n   g i v i n g   e v e r y o n e   s o m e t h i n g,   a n d   s i l v e r  b e a r s   a r e   a w a r d e d   i n   e v e r y   d i r e c t i o n.   B o t h  t h e  A n t o n i o n i e   a u d i e n c e   a t   t h e   a w a r d s   w a s   p a r t i c u l a r l y  e n t h u s i a s t i c   w h e n   o n e   t h i s   A n n a   K e r i m a   w a s   s e l e c t e d  a s   b e s t   a c t r e s s   f o r   h e r   w o r k   i n   t h e   G o d a r d  f i l m.    G i f t e d   w i t h   a n   i n t e r e s t i n g   f a c e,   a l t h o u g h   l i t t l e  a c t i n g   a b i l i t y,   s h e   w o u l d   s e e m  t o   b e  w e l l  w o r t h   w a t c h i n g   i n  t h e   m o n t h s   t o   c o m e.

--- c03-000a.png ---
the film version of Miss # Shelagh Delaney's play a Taste of Honey opens at the Leicester Square theatre tomorrow. It has been produced an directed by Mr. Tony Richardson, who is also part-author with Miss Delaney of the script, and the great advantages to be derived from this unity of conception and control are everywhere apparent.

--- c03-000b.png ---
The text in the image reads:

The film version of Tom the Awhen Dea Mohnto play A Taste of Honey then produced and directed by Mr. Tony Richardson, who is also part-author with Mr Deaneay of the script, and the great actors to be derived from this unity of conception and control are everywhere apparent.

--- c03-000c.png ---
The film version of Miss Shelagh Delaney's play  
A Taste of Honey opens at the Leicester Square  
Theatre tomorrow. It has been produced and  
directed by Mr. Tony Richardson, who is also part-  
author with Miss Delaney of the script, and  
the great advantages to be derived from this  
unity of conception and control are everywhere  
apparent.

--- c03-000d.png ---
The film version of Miss Shelagh Delaney's play A Taste of Honey opens the Leicester square Theatre tomorrow. It has been produced and directed by Mr. Tony Richardson, who is also part-author with Miss Delaney of the script, and the great advantages to be derived from this unity of conception and control are everywhere apparent.

--- c03-000e.png ---
The film version of Miss Shelagh Delaney's play A Taste of Honey opens at The Leicester square Theatre tomorrow. It has been produced and directed by Mr. Tony Richardson, who is also part-author with Miss Delaney of the script, and the great advantages to be derived from this unity of conception and control are everywhere apparent.

--- c03-000f.png ---
The film version of Lies Shelagh Delaney's play after Honey opens at the Leicester Square Theatre tomorrow. It has been produced and directed by Lt. Try Richardson, who is also part-author with Miss Delaney of the script, and the great advantages to be derived from this unity of conception and control are everywhere apparent.

--- c03-003a.png ---
This is not a filmed play. It has been conceived throughout in terms of the cinema, and again and again it is the visual qualities of the story, and the management of the central characters #1 to their background, which bring the film so vividly to life. In Fanny, which also has had its premiere, tomorrow, the director, Mr. Joshua Logan, althougth but failed to create the atmosphere of a city.

--- c03-003b.png ---
This is not a filmed play. It could be conceived  
Throughout in visual qualities of the story, and  
again in the visual qualities of the characters to their  
background, which also for its precise but failed  
In Toyer, which also for its precise tomorrow,  
the director, Mr. Jorzo Forin, attempted but failed  
to create the atmosphere of a city.

--- c03-003c.png ---
This is not a filmed play. It has been conceived #throughout# in terms of their qualities of the story, and again and again it is the vital #of the central character# to their background, #which bring the film# so vividly to life. #In  Tally#, which also #has its premise# tomorrow, #the director #MR. #teacher Logan attempted# but failed #to create the atmosphere #of a city.

--- c03-003d.png ---
This is not a filmed play. It has been conceived throughout in terms of the cinemas of the story, and again it is the visual qualities of the characters to their background, which bring the film so vividly to life. In Tanny, which also has it premiere tomorrow, the director, Mr. Joshua Logan, attempted but failed to create the atmosphere of a city.

--- c03-003e.png ---
This is not a filmed play. It has been conceived throughout in terms of the cinema, and again and again it is the visual qualities of the story, and the marriage of the central characters to their background which brings the film so vividly to life. Mr Tommy Walsh also has its premiere tomorrow, the director, Mr Joshua Logan, attempted but failed to create the atmosphere of a city.

--- c03-003f.png ---
This is not a filmed play. It has been canceled throughout in terms of the cinema, and again and again it is the visual qualities of the story, and the marriage of the central characters to their background, which bring the film so vividly to life in Fanny, which also has its premiere tomorrow, the director, Mr. Baxter Logan, attempted but failed to create the atmosphere of a city

--- c03-007.png ---
In a Taste of Honey Mr. Richardson has taken a town in the industrial North of England and has made it live. The shabby streets and wet pavements, the school play-grounds, the public monuments and the rubbish strewn canals - even the worn head-stones in the churchyard, "sacred to the memory of" - are seen as an integral part of the story.

--- c03-007a.png ---
In A Taste of Honey Mr. Richardson has

taken a town in the industrial North of England
and has made it live. the shabby streets and
wet pavements and the school playground,
the public monument head-stones and the rubbish-strewn canals-

even the worn head-stones in the churchyard,

"sacred to the memory of" - are seen as an
integral part of the story.

--- c03-007b.png ---
In a Force of Industrial Might of England and  
took in the trees. The shabby streets and  
narrow alleys - grounds. The public museums and  
the rubbish streams down the churchyard, heard a  
new song - stones once seen an an inexplicable part of  
the story.

--- c03-007c.png ---
In a Tank of Honey Mr. Richardson has taken  
a town in the industrial North of England and has made it live. The shabby streets  
and wet pavements, the school play-grounds,  
the public monuments and the rubbish strewn  
canals yard, “ sacred to the memory of” 
- are seen as an integral part of the  
story.

--- c03-007d.png ---
In a town in the industrial North of England and ruth pale paving stones, the school py-grounds, the public monuments and the rubbish strewn canals - even the worn head-stones in the church-yard, "sacred to the memory of"- are seen as an integral part of the story.

--- c03-007e.png ---
In A Taste of Honey Mr. Richardson has taken a town in the industrial North of England and has made it live. The shabby sheets and wet pavements, the school play-grounds, the public monuments and the rubbish strewn slums- even the worn head-stonels in the churchyard, "sealed to the memory of..." are seen as an integral part of the story.

--- c03-007f.png ---
In A Taste of Honey Mr Richardson of an industrial town in the de it long. The stabbish streets and wet pavements, the public monuments and the rubbish strewn canals - even the worn head-stones in the churchyard. "sacred to the memory of" - are seen as inpoint part of the story.

--- c03-016a.png ---
But there is heart in the telling, and an intense realism in a situation. A girl lives in a single dingy room with her sloatternly promiscuous mother. In such surroundings she learns sex is something sordid, and when she experiences it for the first time herself it is incoherently, clumsily, but half inquisitively. As is the case in Fanny her first lover is a sailor who leaves her to bear his child and sails away.

--- c03-016b.png ---
But then is heart in the telling, and an intense
realism in the situation. A young girl lives in
a small dingy room with her slatternly,
promiscuous mother. In such surroundings she
learns sex is something sordid, and when she
experiences it for the first time herself it
is wretchedly, shamelessly, half shyly and
half curiously. As the case in Tommy teu
first lover is a sailor who leaves her to bear
his child and such away.

--- c03-016c.png ---
But there is heart in the telling, a an intense realism in the situation. A young girl lives in a single dingy room with her h e m t h e m p l e t h e risk is something s o m e f i r st time and wen e f na e ar th e expenses it for the first time here first loves her f i l b2 o s d a s i d1/init 1 in the case in a ino22 and som 3a in the n 2 in something s o a i in s e u so in the a in the ot om in

--- c03-016d.png ---
But there is heart in the telling, and an intensity in a single mother, in such surroundings she learns to be something sturdy, or she at least starts to feel a little steadily, as when she is inconsequently, clumsily, but half shyly and half inquisitively, as is the case in Fanny here his chinder is a sailor who leaves her to sail away.

--- c03-016e.png ---
But there is heart in the telling, and an intense realism in the situation. A young girl lives in a single dingy room with her slatternly promiscuous mother. In such surroundings she learns sex is something sordid. And when she experiences it for the first time herself it is incoherently, clumsily, but half shy and half inquisitively, as is the case in Tommy her first lover is a sailor who leaves her to bear his child and sails away.

--- c03-021a.png ---
In Fanny the pregnant girl is befriended by an old man. There it is a young homosexual, estranged from women but yet moved by a strong maternal instinct to the unborn child as much as to the expectant mother, in her hour of need. He showa as a protector and caretaker to her and gives her his tender gift of com_featureship and sympathy- "you need someone to love you while you are looking for someone to love".

--- c03-021b.png ---
In Hawkeye the pregnant girl is befriended by an old woman. Now it is a young hostile medieval nun who gets nothing but an old women to provide food as sort mnfortes to her in the farm. He shones her room suprysmatha - you need someone who love you while limit someone to love.

--- c03-021c.png ---
ln farm a young homose*xial man, here it is a moved by a strong maternal instinct to the unborn child as much as to the expectant mother, who acts as a protector and comforter and gives her his forscore of comanion*ship and sympathy - you need someone you are looking for lovesomeone to love "."

--- c03-021d.png ---
In Fanny the pregnant girl is befriended by an old man. Here it is but yet moved by a strong maternal instinct by the unborn child as much as to the expectant mother, who acts as a protector and comforter to her in her hour of need. He shares her room and gives her his form gift of companionship and sympathy - "you need someone to love you while you are looking for someone to love".

--- c03-021e.png ---
In Tammey the pregnant girl is behind
by an old man.  Her women but the unborn
child as a protector and comforter to
her in her hour of need.  He shares her room
and gives her his foreman gift of com-
panionship and sympathy - " you need someone
to love you while you are looking for
someone to love ".

--- c03-081a.png ---
Arguably, the dramatist has committed a

technical error in allowing Irene to speak

for herself; we would be altogether clearer

in our minds about her if she remained

a flawed but beautiful enigma, seen but not

heard. However, Miss Pintie Johnstone makes her

few brief scenes effective, and Mr. Dinsdale

Landen, in the longest and most exacting role,

that of the sergeant, gives a performance of

rare intelligence and restrained power.

--- c03-081b.png ---
Arguably the dramatist Irene to speak for herself; we would be altogether clearer in our minds about her if she remained a flawed but brilliant genius, seen but not heard. Nowher, Mr. Benkii Johnstone makes her few brief scenes effective, and Mr. Donat Dinzdale tenders, in the longest and most sketchy part of the play, a performance of sheer intelligence and subtle power.

--- c03-081c.png ---
Aguably, the aramathine to speak for herself, we would be altogether clearer in our minds about him if she remained a flawed but beautiful enigma, seen but not heard. However, Miss Pinkie Johnstone makes her few brief scenes effective, and most exacting role, that of the sergeant, gives a performance of rare intelligence and restrained powers.

--- c03-081d.png ---
arguably, the dramatist has committed a technical error in allowing Irene to speak for herself; we would be altogether clearer in our minds about her if she remained a flaunt but beautiful enigma, seen but not heard. However, Miss Pinkie Johnstone makes her few brief scenes effective, an Jr. Dinsdale landsen, in the longest and most reaching role, that of the sergeant, gives a performance of rare intelligence and restrained power.

--- c03-081e.png ---
Arguably, the dramatist has committed a technical error in allowing mere to speak for herself; we would be altogether clearer in our minds about her if she remained a flower but beautiful enigma seen but not heard. However, Miss Pinkie Lauristone makes her few brief scenes effektive, and Mr. Dinsdale Landen, in the longest and most exacting role, that servicant, gives a performance of rare intelligence and restrained power.

--- c03-084a.png ---
Mr. Bryan Stonehouse's production is quietly effective, giving full value to the formal elements of Betti's writing without over-emphasizing them. Last night's play in the "Play of the week" series on independent television, Then We Fall, by Mr. Paul Ferris, was a morality on the not unfamiliar theme of the destructive power of unbridled ambition.

--- c03-084b.png ---
Mr. Boylan Stonhouse's production is quietly effective, giving full value to the familiar elements of Betti's writing without over-emphasizing them. Last night's play in the Play of the Week series on independent television was a morality play on the not unfamiliar theme of the destructive power of unbridled ambition.

--- c03-084c.png ---
Mr. Bryan Monroe provides for effective, giving full value to the formal elements of Betti's writing without over-emphasizing them. La night's play in the "Play of the Week" series on independent television, The We Fall, by Mr. Paul Terry, was a morality on the not unfamiliar theme of the destructive power of unbridled ambition.

--- c03-084d.png ---
Mr. Bryan Stonehouse's production is quietly effective, giving full value to the formal elements of Beth's working without overwhelming them. Last night's play in the "Play of the Week" series on independent television, "Then We Fall," by Mr. Paul Feris, was a morality on the not unfamiliar theme of the destructive power of unbridled ambition.



--- c03-084e.png ---
Mr. Bryan Stonehouse's production is quietly effective, bringing full value to the format elements of Bethii's writing without over-emphasizing them. Last night's play in the "Play of the Week" series on independent television, Then We Fall, by Mr. Paul Ferris, was a morality on the not unfamiliar theme of the destructive power of unbridled ambition.

--- c03-084f.png ---
Mr. Bryan Stonehouse's production is quietly effective, giving full value to the formal elements of Belli's writing without over-emphasizing them. Last night's play in the "Play of the Week" series on independent television, "Then We Fell," by Mr. Paul Taris, was a morality on the not unfamiliar theme of the destructive power of unbridled ambition.

--- c03-087a.png ---
It went, perhaps, some distance beyond most treatments of its subject by attempting to generate a melodramatic inevitability which left its central character and the world around him in complete, unredeemable desolation.  We could, perhaps, say whether or not the attempt succeeded if we had a little more faith in the way in which Mr. Ferris manipulated his characters.

--- c03-087b.png ---
If weft, perhaps, some distance beyond most  
treatments of its subject by attempting to  
generate a melodramatic inevitability which  
left its central character and the world  
around him or perhaps, say rather or not the attempt  
succeeded if we had a little more faith in the  
way in which Mr. Foster manipulated  
his characters.

--- c03-087c.png ---
It went, perhaps, some distance beyond most treatments of its subject by attempting to give a melo-dramatic inevitability which left its central character and the world around him in complete, unredeemable desolation. We could, perhaps, say whether or not the faith in the way characters. Little more - manipulation halted their characters.

--- c03-087d.png ---
It next, perhaps, some distance beyond  
most treatments of its subject by  
attempting to generate a melodramatic  
inevitability which off its central character  
and the world around him in complete,  
unredeemable desolation. We could, perhaps,  
say whether or not the attempt succeeded  
of we had a little more faith in the  
way in which Mr. Ferrier manipulated  
his characters.

--- c03-087e.png ---
It went, perhaps, some distance beyond most achievements of its subject by attempting to generate a melodramatic inevitability which left itself character and the world around him in complete, unwriteable de-solution. We could, perhaps, say whether or not the attempt succeeded if we tried a little more faith in the way in which Mr. Terris mani- polated his characters.

--- c03-087f.png ---
It want, perhaps, some distance beyond  
most treatments of its subject by attempting  
to generate a melodramatic inevitability  
which left its central character and the  
world around him in, perhaps, complete,  
unadmirable desolation. We could, perhaps,  
say whether or not the attempt succeeded if we had  
a little more faith in the way in which Mr.  
Terry manipulated his characters.

--- c03-094a.png ---
Mr. William Lucas (Morris) is always insensi-
tively pushing, Miss Sheila Allen his wife,
always pallidly appealing, Mr. James Maxwell,
the editor, always comically abashed by the
events, and Mr. Aubrey Richards, the father-in-
law, always comically grotesque; they were
not asked to modulate from their set moods
but played with proper efficiency and, in
the case of Mr. Richards, with lavish and
suitably gaudy colour.

--- c03-094b.png ---
Mr. William Lucas Hobn is always insensitively pushing Mrs. Hobn Allen his wife always lurking carpitvally awash by the events and Mr. Aubrey Richards the father-in-law always comicly horrosq; They wear notasked to modulate their welnybacks but played with propas efficy thisly gaudt color

--- c03-094c.png ---
Mr. William Lucas (Mottis) is always insensitively pushing, Mrs. James Maxwell, the editor, always appealing, Mr. James Maxwell, his wife, always palely appealing, and Mr. Astley Richard, the father-in-law, always modulate from their set moods but played with proper afflcy, in the case of Mr. Richard's lavish and suitably gawdy colour.

--- c03-094d.png ---
Mr. William Lucas (Lorris) is always insensitively pushing, Mrs. his wife, always palely appearing, Mr. James Hanwell, the editor, always comically abashed by the events, and Mr. Aubrey Richards, the father-in-law, always comically grottesque; they were not asked to modulate from their set moods but played with proper efficiency and, in the case of Mr. Richards, with lavish and suitably gaudy colour.

--- c03-094e.png ---
Mr. William Leacas(Morris) is always insensi - tively pushing, Miss Sheila Allen his wife, always palely appearing, Mr. James Maxwell, the editor, always comicaly abashed by the events; and Mr. Aubrey Richards, the father-in-law, always comicaly grotesque; they were not asked to modulate from their set wods but played with proper efficiency and in the case of Mr. Richards, with lavish and suita bly gaudy couteur.

--- c03-094f.png ---
Mr. William Lucas (Homes) is always insensitively pushing, Miss Shelby Allen his wife, always pallidly appealing, Mr. James Hawell, the editor, always comically abashed, the father-in-law, always comically grotesque; they were not asked to modulate from their set moods but played with proper efficiency and, in the case of Mr. Richards, with lush and suitably gaudy colour.

--- c04-004.png ---
I have a hunch that he will feel more at home in the old, star-studded West End than he will ever feel in Hollywood. His American bosses, 20th-Century Fox, have recently given Frankie the full, razzamataz, red-carpet treatment. But they haven't done a thing for his film career that Anna Neagle and Herbert Wilcox were not doing better here, before the platinum-plated Hollywood carrot was dangled before his nose.

--- c04-008.png ---
In his first Hollywood picture, "Let's Make Love," he was swamped by the known of Marilyn Monroe and Yves Montand. Against this couple Frantie, in a cardboard role, didn't stand a chance. Now comes "The Right Approach" (Rialt, "A"), and it's a glam business: he plays an aspiring, auscruptious, selfish, arrogant, brush, ambitious, auscruptuous heel- who would tread on anybody's neck to get a break in the Hollywood ratrace.

--- c04-017.png ---
But 6,000 miles seems a heck of a way to go for a new hit song. He might be well advised to think hard and lay before his next jump into the Hollywood arena. VERDICT: Vaughan should have by-passed this approach. KONALD LEWIS has just left for his show tour of the Hollywood treat - " Taste of Fear " (Warner Theatre, "XII").

--- c04-028.png ---
Stepuother Ann Todd and doctor Christopher Lee are also effectively around. They provide some chilly red herrings in this "find-the-body" thriller. VERDIET: Don't believe all you see and hear! Not for the first time the howley mug of Sidney James has pumped life into a slippery staged comedy. He does his rescue act in "Double Bunk" (Leicester-square Theatre, "A").

--- c04-035.png ---
Navigator Sid is a tower of strength when newly-weds Ian Carmichael and Janet Munro trip down the river. The plot goes well as with Britain's loose their ancestral rites but halfway through a near-disastrous leak, family member jump back. Reportedly team of mild laughter.

--- c04-039.png ---
Verdict : The "bunk" needled died
Donald Fournon had a big reeace on it jim's
" Brane 64"seel thief in 2 play by Tajma Gillilts; "smile," by Jelers
andling ernie smlelth ith qui
fo not revealedn togeth er
by 9quency 9 Fournons awe
en on the mater by behind 2

--- c04-044.png ---
"This plot to rob a French millionaire of 300,000 worth of jewelry at a quick pace evening. The play was voted not worth it was ill. Fountons evening Elliot, on the Balladino show y, didn’t I’d Dr. Townes: at too long and not appreciate at all Thread, y, w. It well. Villas was also we too retaintating. It was also a muming shimpants re - look Gim and his personal slum. no mom or after said, very f appearances."

--- c04-050.png ---
Their offering last night differed a little from their earlier act on this show a week or so ago. But the Modlarks, with Jeff Mudd out of the Army and back with sister Mary and brother Fred, were in bright, zestful form. Why only two numbers, though? It was not enough.  "A fair cop," the BBC Whitehall farce last night, looked like  a rabbit warren in a field of corn.

--- c04-056.png ---
I can't recall a production where so many comics bolted in and out of holes so often.  
The jokes were a reshuffle of the same old lot - this time Brian Bix lost his skirt instead of his trousers.  
The action moved at tremendous speed, backed by some wonderful timing by the cast. I especially liked the tea-cup scene where six of the cast changed cups with the dexterity of Chinese jugglers.

--- c04-061.png ---
Carole Shelley as the newly-wed and Larry Noble as Smiler Pervis were the most humour and cut above used a gormless standing ory arround them Perkias it was accidental - 1 hope not. If ever a bag of humour need a threwrgh shaking up the whitehall Farce is it when it comes to television

--- c04-066.png ---
HOW do you get on records? Well, you've got  
to have something different. Sing slightly flat.  
All the good singers sing in tune. Twang a guatar  
slightly off key. Everybody's fed up with the  
right way - so the best-seller charts say. You  
an OLD Zilman instead of a new one. You  
got to get it into your head, so... please  
don't like things as they should be...not on  
record, anyway.

--- c04-075.png ---
Thus, musician David Lisbon’s chance of being a starred disc solo of DRAWING-INS was greatly enhanced when he dug out A PACKET OF DRAWING PINS. “Why not”, thought ex-soldier Mr. Lisbon, who is twenty-three and lives in Bagenham, Essex, “press a thumb-tack into the nose of the hammers that strike the piano strings?” He did, only the middle hammers done.

--- c04-089.png ---
Now along comes his solo disc "Almost Grown Up". VERDICT: Mr. Lisbon has it taped. And he says: "Just as well I had out one box of cacks it might have been so different..." More news from the ivory-thumping dept. Russ Conway, who has tintled his way to fame on an old pianissimo comes in with another of his own works: "Parade of the Toppets' Columbia".

--- c04-098.png ---
But not one of his nimble-fingered best. GERWAY'S Russ Gonzay is a pianist who calls himself CRAZY OTTO. But nothing crazy about his pianistics. He pounds merrily away at a piece called "Piccadilly" (Polovodor). I find it cute. American pianist Floyd Cramer, who played for Elvis or "It's Now or Never," " C.RCA." looks like having a success on his own with "At the Rebound" (C.RCA).

--- c04-122.png ---
" Let's have another song with a month in it," said Mr. Charles loblody sung impeccably with April Serenade" by Robert Earl (Philips). PRODUCER Russell Turner, 33, finally provides us last programme for the BBC tonight with Robert Habin's "Mystery and Magic" (7.30). After six years with the Corporation, during which he started "Juke Box Jury" and directed "Six-Five Special," Turner is aiming to go into free-lance TV, film and stage production work.

--- c04-128.png ---
"If feel I've done all I can at the BBC," he told me. "We mutually agreed to part."

Escapologist Dill-Russell is a guest in Harbin's show tonight. Boxing fans can see an eight-round feather-weight contest between Chris Elliot and Harry Carroll from Leicester (BBC, 8.25). A Song's-Of-Britain medley is sung by David Hughes in his "Make Mine Music" (CBC, 9.300m).

--- c04-134.png ---
The yumpers include, "Scotland the Brave," "Namara's Band," "Greensleeves," and "English Rose."

Bay Compton stars in "No Hiding Place" (ITV, 9:35 p.m.).

She plays the possessive mother of a man whore who lives around a lad’s house.

THREE people will be lynched tonight's "Lifetime" (BBC, 10:15).

--- c04-139.png ---
They will be asked to comment on the design of everyday articles such as a chair and a motor-car. The idea is to see what happens when parts of the wind not normally available without hypohs are used.  
J TV have programmed Halcoiff Muggeridge's "Appointment with Playwright Sir Roy Welensky (10.30 g.m.). Instead, Muggeridge's production will be with Sir Ray Welensky the premier of the federating others, actress bringing

--- c04-144.png ---
Say GrunfeldTV, the producers: "We decided to make the switch because of the topicality of African affairs. The Western interview will be seen at a later date." ACTOR Tony Centuway was an outstanding success last night in TV's "Private Potter," his first big TV act. The play was a fighting essay on sedition which stated that a fighting man could be regarded as a villain.

--- c04-150.png ---
Potter screamed during an action, and was arrested. He claimed he'd seen a vision of God - only the padre did his

co believe what. Courteau played the part with a gowny,
Northern defacn. The caveros played continually on his
craggy - - his ugly battle - frightened by they'd stripped
who of his ugly battle - dress, to leave Woo for

what he was - butter, a frightened boy who 'd a 

vision

--- c04-160.png ---
The play was no more than a figment of the imagination which asked the viewer to believe in a beautiful vision but for clever production by Michael Hayes. He captured the atmosphere of fog and mystery to great effect. More than 100 viewers complained to the BBC last night that an American film, "Britain - Blood, Sweat, Anti-British", was anti-British.

--- c04-165.png ---
The film replaced "What's My Line?" and "Be My Guest" programmes because of an electricians' strike. It showed Britain today through the eyes of an American TV reporter, Eric Sevareid, and British personalities. Among them, Professor Dennis Brogan, Shelagh Delaney, and Alan Sillitoe. The film covered a wide aspect of the British scene, ranging from pubs, the Eton wall game, to the European Common Market

--- c06-005.png ---
Where the bobbies are. In the hallways are the emporiums, through the door shines a few
full, hopes in the bottle. Present are some head-core types of Brendans. They get
in with waney's slobberish on their anecdotal
slate cats, with occasional stops for an old
IRA air or a Cornwall ear-jets.

--- c06-011.png ---
Also present at a London journali who arrived two hour earlier by appointement to talk to the author of Border Boy and The hostage about his new work, if any, and who it how being plotckly convinal to fight off the newspapers. The telephone has rug a copy of threes, calrs fro o through swithing the wind and offering to drop by for a chat.

--- c06-027.png ---
It's a very free place to write in, and there's the advantage that no one knows what you're writing about anyway. Not that I did much when I was over this past two times, not with that great little Irish bar on Seventh Avenue, the Pigsty, always open. I was there, in even faster orbit, when that third astronaut went up- what's his name?

--- c06-039.png ---
Among other incidents he was banned from New
York's St. Patrick's Day parade as a 'disorderly
person.' He was in a fight after killing a
Canadian, during a chat about space - flight :
'Ireland will put a shillelagh into orbit, Israel
will put a stage stamp into orbit, and before you
will put a postage stamp into orbit, Israel
Canadians put up a mouse. '

--- c06-052.png ---
what happened to the new book partially typewritten  
by his publishers now a 12000-word manuscript of  
a book planned to be called _Confessions of an Irish  
Rebel which was party to celebrate Deirdre's  
return from her abortion in Bristol".

--- c06-083.png ---
It also parades Roma Collobris in a selection of robes 2e-angel Hudson at the wheel of Shining Sils Rolls-Royce.

Mr. Hudson is an American millionaire who spends each September in his Italian villa (one is Major at the company of Symphonia Collobrio in the holidays eventual before and after the annual ildyll his major-domo (Walter Slezak with the palace into a luxury hotel.

--- c06-087.png ---
Inevitably there comes the when in July, wher, just as
inevitably, the place is full of American teenagers on
escorted tours, less, Mr. Hudson and his lady love Lolo find
themselves beside each other with (Breach de Sontie, the
official
one, has led by a Jeep) to the girls, who have just
been poid by a jeep-load of boys.

--- c06-100.png ---
So all ends as you know it will, with the  
middle-aged romancer respectably wed and  
Master Danii going steadily with the  
Sandra Dee (Miss Dee, incidentally, all the  
in her life). the typical teenager into the "bad girl"  
turning up as often (Tuesdays Weld goes the  
"good girl" part) is becoming quick an accomplished actress.

--- c06-116.png ---
Susan Hayward plays the wife shapely and sweetly. Mason is always good for a glow. And Miss Newmar is a stunning in every sense of the word. According to the script she was once captain of the junior hockey team at her school. So help me so was I. If GRID (The Cry) - Paris Fellow - is an article essay in atmospheric meaning by the do Errandi man, Micheligo Antoni.

--- c06-128.png ---
ON A MARCH EVENING IN 1932 IN THE NEW JERSEY FAMILY HOUSEHOLD THE NURSEMAID TIPTOED INTO THE BABY’S ROOM TO SEE THAT 20-MONTH-OLD CHARLES JUN. WAS SLEEPING. BENDING OVER THE COT, SHE SUDDENLY REALISED THAT THERE WAS NO SOUND OF BREATHING. SHE THRUST OUT HER HAND - AND FELT EMPTINESS. A FEW MINUTES LATER THE FATHER GRIPPING A LOADED RIFLE, TOLD HIS WIFE :

--- d01-019.png ---
There is a new group of theories which assume textual criticism. The present stress is on a text, or problems of the ISO. In this case attempts to explain the location. The original cover an attempt to explain the problems of the soil we find original books.

--- d01-024.png ---
Nost of those who expounded that the gospel was written entirely by one author before the disturbance took place but a few leave it open to suppose that the original book had been reised even before the upheaval. The ingenuity of the theories is impressive and is the best argument against them.

--- d01-049.png ---
The one real weakness of the Commentator's case is that, in common with all his colleagues, he has not, until now, been able to exhibit exactly how this enlargement was effected nor has he been able to explain the textual movements by showing that such changes are part of a simple and coherent plan. To understand how this is possible it is necessary to examine the text of the Gospel.

--- d01-056.png ---
The most convenient one for the authors has been the text of A. South. In this version of the text the fourth Gospel is printed as just over 1,000 different nouns, verbs, and other parts of speech occurring 15,965 times in their different grammatical forms. There are other texts which could have been used, and (as shown in tables 1) if is not a mute. Of the greatest importance which text is used.

--- d01-080.png ---
The bar was the commonest working, but others were also used are cases where spaces is used as it is now used to work a paragraph largely. Paragraphs were omitted, Cf the opinion which in the original of the Fourth Gospels " some working would be used, " Aug 10, it is impossible to say.

--- d01-085.png ---
Professor E. C. Turner is inclined to take view that the original of the Gospel would be unwritten. The original of the Gospel, whether written on a roll or codex, whether parchment or not, would be laid out in columns. This is the invariable practice of ancient manuscripts. A common size at column would be about one third of a page of Saur's print.

--- d01-098.png ---
the edge of this sheet is attached to a wooden dowel  and the sheet rounded to this central part - the number which have a wooden dowel this - and it was a simple-sided form of book to find a was generally a book in which was a simple and serviceable book. It was role evidence of was easily stored. It had two, and it was not an easy form of book in which to find a reference

--- d01-104.png ---
{\*\*\*\*\*\*\*} actual word:\"\*"

This last objection weighs Natural History, 13-1't2.

As Pliny has told of the use of papyrus in rollus which encompassed Herctollanum nears with the New Testament.

}(times) information from of book duns one edge much as others bound together down one edge much as they are in modern books.

--- d04-005.png ---
According to the legend, Solomon had asked the Prince of the Demon, "Ashmodeu" to bring him the shamir and Ashmodeu told him that the shamir had not been placed under his charge, so there is no shamir in Gehenna (Hell). An eagle brought the shamir to Solomon from Eden the Paradise, the only place where the shamir could be found.

--- d04-012.png ---
shamir was used as a experimental clinical trials. the word shamir is unique. it consists of one more proton l stability, not only in this data, but in all historical time periods.-medical research.  is the shamir theorem and undoes prior results. is the believed the Lord God with all his heart, and with all his soul and perfect and weaker thesis.

--- d04-021.png ---
The action of the Showir writes books and their
books are readable. This Showir in indeed a rare
diamond that incises the hardest rock, the hardest
facts. And these creatures existed from the
beginning. It is "the stone, which the builders
refused, but it is to become the head-stone
of the corner". (Ps. 118,22). And the stone shall
tell!

--- d04-032.png ---
The Shaylir's daily life writes the Decalogue,  
      which is written on two plates, the hard facts  
      of life, and all facts shall 'eye'. We have all  
      couye arross huyay Shaylirs and they leave  
      a deep impact upon our feelings and eyeses.  
      They write which all may be read by every  
      latitude language. The Shaylir is the "seventh" and  
      most important creature, that was created by  
      the eve of the Sabbath, to bring the  
      Sabbath, real peace to the whole world.

--- d04-047.png ---
Under such conditions without putting your mind together we cannot solve the further summons of destiny, to solve the economic problems. Hence says Rabbi Simone ben Josephi (THere Lord, failing to serve the wish of the Lord, with all their visionary power, the work will have to be done by each individual."

--- d04-053.png ---
freedom from want cannot fulfilled nor  
freedom from fear of starvation in the midst of plenty. Help will not be easily forthcoming for the people in need. They will think of the animals first (which is of course our duty), of course the individual will eat and be full but: " take heed to yourself, that your heart be not deceived, and yet turn aside and serve others ", and worship yourself - thy greatest enemy, the self-seeking self.

--- d04-058.png ---
And you serve Mammon and God. And you cannot serve  
two masters, such conditions the goods are your gods.  
"And then the Lord's wrath be kindled against you, and like  
shut up the heavens that there is no rain and that the land  
yield not the fruits and lost bye perish  
good land which the Lord give you."

--- d04-066.png ---
And the sequence in the text is different than in the first part of the sluall, we have First "and
the bind them for a sign upon your lawd, that they may be as fronleteent thane
they bind them to your elcrow" first to bind them to have the vision and then we
bind them to your elcrow.  And Lye 
shall teach them to your childeu." And as we have gone 
throughe the will, we need not teach them 
to thee childeu any whew what will 
the children will graso now what will befalle 
theem without vision many power.

--- d04-086.png ---
And the sisits had a message sealed inside the knots

    Just as there is a message sealed in the four eublexus which are used on Passover, to depict the "fruit of our freedom". And they are (1) Matzo; (2) Bitter Herbs; (3) Salt-water and Charoes (a kind of fruit mixture in likeness of the appearance of Matzo); and (4) an attitude to lean back.

--- d04-089.png ---
Matzos is defective bread (Lechem anyo in Hebrew),  
so are we defective without spiritual knowledge, and to  
cure our mental incapacity we should be willing  
to learn. Education is always the Most important task.  
Education gives: Freedom of Speech (2) Bitter Herbs  
symbolizes the bitterness that is hurled against us.  
We eat it. We accept it, to show we have self-control  
and that God dwells within us.

--- d04-096.png ---
Self-control makes us: freedom to worship God.(3) Salt Water and Tea:
   the salt/writ H4T.embedo in Telrewu, salt hands 'the covenant of Jwl.  Light, 2,13 Salt should be used for  that binds all  the "oral
  ourselves - CHARACTERS - Strat brief charactersCBQ needs this  objects"  together and   in
      readings. notions."
      TeDM.

--- d04-117.png ---
Loving back carries the concealed message. And we start the Seder showing the Hatzajim to show they were willing to learn, and we invite anybody who wishes to participate: "Anybody who is hungry, let him come and eat, Anybody who is thirsty, let him come and drink.

--- d04-121.png ---
And we want to eat and drink His great philosophy of the four ways of Israel's redemption. Hence "four questions" which are really interrogations to examine into the principles of the four redemption are asked at the Seder-evening about these "four symbols" (the Haggadah). And the person who asks these questions is seeking the opinion of the one who is conducting the Seder.

--- d05-008.png ---
The new centbegun with James 1 succeeding  
the throne. He wanted to be  
fetterant towa'ds Rome through the Gunpowder plot  
spoiled that. The Puritans had low hopes, for  
James had grown up in Presbyterian Scotland,  
but these hopies were daashed. True, a new Prayer  
Book was issued in 1601 but the Puritans  
derived little comfort from it.

--- d05-013.png ---
They dipped to the word Absolution. So the phrase "or the remission of sins' was added. But absolution remained. they dipped to the word Confirmation. So the phrase "or the laying on of hands of their faith according to the Catechism following" was added. But Confirmation remained.  Other dangers in the Book were only  minored—except for the new section on the sacraments added to the Catechism.

--- d05-021.png ---
This indicated how ephemeral in the Church had been the moods which produced the Black Rubric, for it says that 'the Body and Blood of Christ, which are besght very and indeed taken and received by the faithful in the Lord's Supper'. It could hardly be more definitive. It was at this tine, too, that King James made himself immortal by encomclined a Bible translation - the authorized Version (which was never actually authorized!).

--- d05-025.png ---
In that year Shakespeare had just turned forty and had written Hamlet two years before. Bacon was at work and Tilton was just learning to read. James was followed by Charles, in whose reign came the Scottish Prayer Book in 1637. Significantly this made a deliberate return to the Book of 1549 and became the Scottish foster mother of some of the most important Prayer Books in the Anglican Communion.

--- d05-030.png ---
Forever associated with Charles is Chamberlain Lord How so much nobler a figure than Siri together influenced led us to believe Loud was enthusiastically hailed by Calvinists and Pantans, and the sentiment was mutual but Loud was no Romanizer one of his first public acts was a hard-hitting lecture with the Fennit Fisher but anyone who was friendly with James and Charles the Pantans argued was reecondanly a meanace.

--- d06-003.png ---
Even worse is to laugh at what are very real fears. As adults, we know that their fears are very real. Not that we should be Molly-Coddled - they must be made to face their fears. See through them and come out on the other side as victors.

--- d06-008.png ---
To ridicule them only pursues them further into themselves, so that they become unable to speak about it to anybody and the head of any amount of trouble at which way will be reckoned at forty or fifty. Far better to agree with a child that a particular situation is frightening, and they to face it together will the child can see how unnecessary it feels.

--- d06-020.png ---
In Gettysburg he prayed that the cup should prove from thence on the way to face life. To see by facing them and thence, there is nothing that God that with us. More than that, that God have something important to do with our lives and that the harder we get to him, the more we become.

--- d06-046.png ---
Even were simply, test your own reaction to different situations. There are things that bring on an almost immediate feeling of dreadlessness - such as when your wife is stimulation referring to searching you like doing, bringing a veritable surge of energy. Many a girl who's tired to help mum will later jump to her boy friend's call and go for a long walk.

--- d06-050.png ---
War is she necessary injurion of a fresh - and an  
attraction - interst of state as with our physical exhaustion. A  
disrupted mind haul get the healthiest body to a sense  
of pahiguy There for, ony tired even if They do sleep.

--- d06-056.png ---
They drag themselves around and can become a burden to their families and loved ones.  Any mental confusion can cause this and the best way in probably to set advice. As we are unable to cure our own bodies if the cause of our pain is too deep rooted, so we are unable to cure our minds. If the unstable is a complicated one involving careful and patient treatment.

--- d06-060.png ---
One of the problems forward that her
mind is no longer hindered or shunted,
and it is hot as deliberately regarded than
physical illness. Thus is nutrition, a
final cause of illness which comes from
a major complication bulk results from
inability to deal with life, recursively under
the continua pattern which is the twentieth
century.

--- d06-067.png ---
In other ways, 100 life for the ordinary individual has become so complicated that it takes the mind. Two hundred years ago, men lived and worked in one place, their lives were of one piece. Now a man may live twenty, thirty even sixty miles from his work. The only connection is the pipeline of the railway on which they travel day by day.

--- d06-096.png ---
I am more than centers of his.  This anybody can go through.  The same roshin day is and day but for forty years I found difficult to understand. A lot of it may be kept going - though if ever it becomes "possible to work on immense amount of good odds and above relieving the pressure on over-crowded trains.

--- d06-104.png ---
They only worked, of course, a five-day week. That in the first week, Monday to Friday were days one to five of the timetable, the following Monday was day six and Tuesday slaked day one again and so on. By this means they avoided each week being the same with a pupil knowing exactly what the subject would be on Friday afternoon at 3 p.m.

--- d06-107.png ---
It was and there had to be which of course the entrance said was - but 
it added immediately to their throes and kept everybody on their toes. 
To have order does not mean getting into a dull routine. I have great 
sympathy with the young wife who has not always known to do 
the mending on a Monday

--- d06-111.png ---
I would not want to either, but if she want to get through the day without getting exhausted she will have to sit down quietly and make a list of everything she has to do, note the order in which they can not conveniently be done (or must be done because of other predetermined factors - you might, for example, do your shopping on the morning of the early closing day.

--- d07-089.png ---
( This is probably to be understood as a well- known comment on the verse ; quoted by Samuel in support of R. Sodhi law The proof text of greeting by the divine Name is taken from the Mishkal. There is no reference to the Mishnah here beause the Mishnah deals with the actual practice of greeting by the divine Name and the gemara here quotes the texts to suppport the thesis of R. Joshua b. Levi.

--- d07-096.png ---
Or it is possible that our seguea contains the original question and answers and this is got in the others seguea. This can be supported by the use of the phrase 'Yes did it of its own accord but there was no approval of his action in heaven in both seguea. Sel an expression appears to have been framed in response to particular point at issue here, whether the heavenly Court concerned in the decision of the human court.)

--- e01-032.png ---
The wiz deli9que patterns and finer
threads hda re very reserved to lowering a light
and lovelv to a hand-kind, fine lace
in0:sertian rna a petticot or flowery l[[ken
to a color; that nothing else can it b
distinclusioue to a glass lace; mak
alhough we act sfa the skill, a nuinl of
 
the proper patterns we fellu last.
infact, the brilld-children of inclemtive they

--- e01-055.png ---
One can remember with horror the pictures of the overcrowd and over-embellished drawing-rooms complete with heavy crochet antimacassars, mantle-pieces covered with a fringe of clumsy bobbles and numerous other crocketed pieces. It was some years after the Victorian period that designers realised the possibilities of the craft, and crochet was revived with designs suitable for contemporary trends. Crochet today has a variety of uses, and has even shipped into the field of high fashion.

--- e01-102.png ---
Remember that texture plays an important part in the beauty of crochet. The finer mercerized threads are more effective for the delicate designs used for tablecloths, doilies, edgings and accessories, while the heavier threads are used for bedspreads, chairbacks, lounge mats, etc. Crochet hooks are made of steel, composition or bone. Steel crochet hooks range in size from number 3/0, the largest, to number 8, the smallest.

--- e01-107.png ---
Each size of hook is made for use with a certain size of thread. To ensure the correct results, it is importance that you use the size of hook specified in the directions. There are the correct numbers to use with Mered-practice piece for each stitch that you learn. When you have become proficient in these stitches, attractive articles can be made from the directions included in this book.

--- e02-074.png ---
But why woodwork in particular?

Well, there are many reasons. Wood is in good and common supply, it lends itself to making  
innumerable useful household items - furniture, fittings, garden items, toys, etc.;  
it enables results to be obtained fairly quickly; it is less expensive than most  
other materials, it is a pleasant material  
to work with; and, although it does  
create a certain amount of mess, it is  
all clean and easily cleared away.

--- e02-086.png ---
(:ming now to the actual tools and their l.: it. Probably with what we have called a bare "minimum. It will enable a man to make straight-forward things, and in any case may be added as the additions nature of the tools will probably dictate which other tools will. Prob*ably as a guide we have listed a full l: it. which increases) the range of things that can be made (iously.

--- e04-011.png ---
See fig. 2. These are then glued and pinned into place. A similar piece of 1 in. by 14 in. by 14 in. timber is fixed across
the end of the feeding tray as seen in Fig. 3 which also shows how a piece of hardboard is covered with plastic material for 
easy cleaning and then fixed underneath the frame with panel pins to complete the feeding tray.

--- e04-015.png ---
Cut this piece of hardboard so that it fits up against the front legs of the chair. The seat rests across the upper two cross pieces and is made of 1/2 inch plywood glued and panel pinned in position. Measurements being taken directly from the work. Fig. 4 shows the framework for the back which is made from 1 1/4 in. by 1/2 in. timber.

--- e06-010.png ---
In this 200-fathom French the herring do not reach the bottom.

Their descent stops at the Norwegian slope, or very nearly, while
in the shallower bunch the bottom.

But then crowding come when they can reach
their optimum depth there many roughly where the spring-
spawning herring cannot reach

gravelly soil of there may rough where the spring-
spawning herring are always found.

--- e06-033.png ---
ermit fisher men call this " the outset ".  it is at largest " set " out- or drift off nets, which, or-drift of nets, of half a league or more, anchored offsmith's hnwon. Without well be that this form river, for an example of how it works, it may be that this outset, akin to the mouth of a great salmon rivers has been the biggest factor through the ages in the condoncy of this great herring hney.

--- e07-003.png ---
wholesale chemical spraying, upsetting both pests and predators is viewed with concern by a number of American State Research Stahious. Not content with immuia bulletus on the dangers of the use of chemicals in agriculture, some stahious are carrying out useful research on pest control by biological means. Both useful and imported predatory insects and used pathogens are used in field trial tests.

--- e07-061.png ---
Meanwhile Mr. Moncrieff had set left an egg case of the Chinese vines The first vines had hatched from the very large egg-case on June 6. Both the Chinese and Spanish vines, in the young stage at any rate, are light brown in colour. Because of the cool wet weather, I had great difficulty in breeding fruit flies and, alth many of the vines of both types had died in my Kilner jars, I poured living vines on vines and peach trees.

--- e07-072.png ---
DESPITE the steady influx of substitutes since the end of the war, clay pots are still in greatest demand. It is mostly in the smaller sizes that the substitutes have made headway, and although numerous smaller clay pots are used each year, they are fewer than they were 10 years ago. In the larger sizes they are still no real substitute for clay that can be obtained at a comparable price, except the biluminized paper pots which are used on commercial nurseries for growing tomatoes

--- e07-079.png ---
The storage problem puts clay pots fairly high  
definite disadvantage. They are oldate and  
and difficult things to accommodate and  
they must have some protection from 
weather, which can be quite a heada in  
a small garden. While admitting that  
broken pots have on occasions provided  
artists with delightful stimuli, there is no  
doubt that a pile of badly stacked,  
half-broken pots is an unlovely sight  
from any point of view.

--- e07-083.png ---
Every gardener in a definite fact one wash clay pots their ablution ; in about ths again a fow year mashdid a large numb-_to_ medium hadulionst For having peelings On the small-_the chowe which nobody- rger uatabithmts machine Werea aolisrosi or washd by machine

--- e07-098.png ---
Seed is sown, or seedlings are pricked out into them

in the normal (crow of the watering is done through a

spout of water. First-class plants of tomato,

cucumber, maws, melon, cauliflowers,

celery and onions, may all be raised in soil

blocks; so can such flowering plants as

dahlias, chrysanthemums, salvia, sweet pea,

lupins and numerous others.

--- e07-101.png ---
One big advantage of soil blocks is an obvious one: the cost of a pot of any description is saved completely. Manufacturing the block and planting it is very little more trouble than normal potting and a superior plant, which transplants move easily, is produced. The obvious limitation is that soil blocks can only be used for propagating there can be no progression to a larger block when the plant or seedling is very to be moved; it must be planted out ov potted.

--- e07-108.png ---
They are # quick useful for plants that are
despatched to market or direct to the
customer, there is also considerable
savings costs because of their lightweight
. There are many types of plastic pots available
, some expensive, some quite cheap, some good
and others not so good. A wide range of
plants grow quite well in plastic pots and
usually need less water than those in clay
pots.

--- f01-066.png ---
Sure, here is the transcribed text:

"When you get a knock on the head and all evidence of 'wind' whistles at any rate through brain, and all the biological, surgical and pharmaceutical evidence points to a very clear conclusion. There is a lot that way believers have said for keeping the world 'till' to support what way they believe to the supernatural enormity which is supposed to persist apart from the body of all those experiments the brain. The barely astonished world 'wind' for are clearly astonished with the mind."

--- f01-075.png ---
At one time it was thought that mind could indeed be analysed into discrete bits. These bits were identified as elementary sensations. These were thought to combine together to form compound experiences by analogy with the way atoms of matter combine to form molecular compounds. But this view led to too many difficulties and was finally abandoned. Nevertheless the search for basic units of minds has gone on and will double continue, for it is the aim of science to discover ultimate units.

--- f01-147.png ---
He may never have had the disease himself but he can nevertheless identify it. Similarly the psychologist has to be prepared to observe and make inferences about all kinds of processes in other people, whether or not they correspond with anything in his own experience. We know very little about the patterns of brain activity which provide our self-respect - these patterns are the concern of the neuro-physiologists.

--- f02-033.png ---
The letters are prepared for security advises, but sources of information on.  
Towards the end of 1956, Mr. Dander Grant, an Employee Relations officer of C. Royce Ltd. and a member of the  

Wathe's Educational Association submitted a report on age groups he had made in the problems of older workers and the effects of retrenchment by George Roxbee

--- f02-036.png ---
The word profound, having studied the report on "The Horrible Health of Retired Women," and being somewhat aghast at the thought of a further study, at an informal committee representative of ladies patiently worn the report and the welfare of old people to examine the report and its implications and to wonder the accuracy of arranging a Conference on Preparation for and Occupational Associations on Retirement.

--- f02-038.png ---
The large attendance and scope of this Conference, held in October, 1947, reflected not only an increasing awareness of the problems of the men and women seeking or already in retirement but also a strong desire on action towards preparing men and women for life in retirement and adequate provision of facilities for crafts, hobbies and leisure-time activities for those who are retired.

--- f02-044.png ---
In 1959 it was suggested by Mr. T. M. Banks, Assistant Director of Education for Glasgow, that industrial firms might be ready to let older employees attend day-released courses on preparation for retirement, their wages paid for the time they spent. An approach was made to about twenty large firms and in October 1959, the first experimental day-release course for men was organised. Eleven students from seven firms attended a course on six full Fridays and it was made clear both to the men and their employers that the venture was an experiment from which the organisers hoped to learn as much as the participants.

--- f02-076.png ---
1. Are there differences in adjustment to ageing and retirement according to the occupational level of employees? 2. If so, which occupational levels are the better or the poorest prepared for successful adjustment to retirement and in what aspects? 3. Does the evidence obtained support a rationale for adapting a pre-retirement planning and preparatory programs to the needs of older employees of different occupational levels?

--- f04-011.png ---
The body was examined, and it was definitely established that no sexual had been made with the housekeeper. Her body seemed to this was ultimately robbery, and it was deftly placed used itself in the house, without the woman's notice at the Quaintrelle. This Gypsy had been the cook at the Good Intent, a public-house in Highbowth. Her body off was Thursday, and before coming up to London in the evening she had called on her two sisters, one of whom lived at Hammersmith, and the other of Hounslow where she hoped to shop.

--- f04-028.png ---
But in 1971, alas there was no fingerprint bureau, no expert to check and photograph any dabs? It might have yielded. It was a tough case to tackle, and Superintendent Robinson, of Scotland Yard, Chief Inspector Marshall, of Scotland Yard, combined forces in the investigation, while accepting the likelihood that Miss Camp had been attacked for the sake of robbery, they did not overlook the possibility that this might have disguised another motive and a thorough check of her former men friends and acquaintances began.

--- f04-032.png ---
They also had to cope with the usual flooding of rumours; I well remember, some mischievous, including one that a man had been seen fleeing from Vau Khal station on the Thursday evening, with goods actually dripping from his hands. The inquiry was opened on February 17th, beyond the jury hearing a formal identification of the victim and inspecting at waterloo the carriage in which she has died; there was nothing on which to proceed, and the inquiry was

--- f04-057.png ---
The next female fatality occurred eight years later, yet so strange were the circumstances that it was a further seven years before even a ghost of a solution emerged. There has always been something sinister in the idea of tunnels. The building of them was one of the most dangerous jobs connected with railway construction; and there were many people who believed that to travel through tunnels would be an equally hazardous business.

--- f04-074.png ---
It was the battered and way to near-by Merstham Station, and a stretcher party took the body to the Feathers Hotel to await identification. Was it a case of suicide, where some unhappy soul had walked deliberately into the bluriness and into the path of some train? This hardly seemed unlikely, since, when she was examined by a local doctor, the woman, young, small and rather plump, was found to have her own silk scarf drawn almost tight enough to strangle her, and the ends thrust in her mouth like a gag

--- f04-079.png ---
Both her wrists bore the marks of severe bruising,  
and there were other injuries on her body which had occurred before her death was ensured by some train which had roared through the tunnel. There were no letters or papers found on her to assist identification, no money, and no railway ticket. By then reports were being gathered about this stretch of line, but no information was forthcoming about any carriage with an open door, nor any passenger reporting an incident which might relate.

--- f04-083.png ---
So the body of this small girl with the blue eyes and long brown hair in a bun at the back of her head remained a mystery until later the following day.

During that time a description of the girl was circulated and, aud aur Robert Money, aged twenty-two.

l identify who was described lived at Lavender Hill, Crafthn the precises of Bridger, for whom she worked as a bookkeeper.

--- f07-009.png ---
And, if certain dishes and modes of food have persisted down the ages, the motif from the need for nourishment has always been strong in mankind. The sharing of a meal in itself is an acquisitive race for more important than the casual meal of the present day. The drive to share something that is still worth more is more instinct than more courage for always been there.

--- f07-028a.png ---
When, however, the Greeks did learn the art of making fireproof earthenware from the Egyptians of taste and intellect, a remarkable peculiarity in the banquets of the ancient world was the fact that they did not confine the resources of the table to the gratification of one sense having exhausted their invention in the preparation of stimuli for the palate, they broke fresh ground and called another sense to their aid.

--- f07-028b.png ---
When, however, the Greeks did learn the art of making fireproof earthenware from the Egyptians, their cohesiveness made rapid progress, because they were men of taste and intellect. A remashable peculiarity in the banquets of the ancient world was the fact that they did not confine the resources of the table to the gratification of one sense alone. Having exhausted their invention in the preparation of stimulants for the palate, they broke fresh ground and called another sense to their aid.

--- f07-032a.png ---
By delicate application of odours and rarified the perfumes these refined voluptuaries caused the fawning appetite and added a more exquisite and ethereal enjoyment to the grosser pleasures of the board.  The gratification of the sense of smelling was a subject of no little importance to the Romans.  They considered flowers as forming a very essential article in their festal preparations; and it is the opinion of Bassius that at their desserts the number of flowers far exceeded the number of fruits.

--- f07-032b.png ---
By delicate application of odours and richly-distilled perfumes, these refined vapours aroused the fainting appetite and added a more exquisiter and ethereal enjoyment to the grosser pleasures of the board. The gratification of the sense of smelling was a subject of no little importance to the Romans. They considered flowers as forming a very essential article in their festal preparations; and it is the opinion of Bassius that at their feasts the number of flowers far exceeded the numbers of fruits.

--- f07-084b.png ---
The "pot-au-feu" is as much a national institution in France as is tea drinking among our bourgeois householf. Thatbisse and sang - This BouillaBaisse a about Bouillabaisse a noble dish; is, of all sorts of fishes that Greenwich never could outh onions; garlic, roach and dace.

--- g01-000.png ---
A Scotti sh Engl and, His son in as Cherbourg,
and doing it new class of merchandise, fitted
one of that ty of London was now from his own
resourees, anmel fight.
brill|aint Chelar in a

--- g01-008.png ---
To the policy of his King, de Vienne avoided trouble at sea as cleverly called to give up his seat for an elusive fee, and, afraid to return home without something to show, he foolishly attempted his the well-protected fortress of St. Halo. This involved the dreay method of mining operations in which Gault, under the Black Prince, had shown considerable skill at the siege of Limoges.

--- g01-012.png ---
When she seemed to be going well, alorough surprising turn of events occurred, the wine collapsed
face and grim. Indeed it was compelled to return even and forgotten future. The "resigned" Lowander,
however, was also expressing their dissatisfaction and comparing the future of a privileged dine
citizen.

--- g01-016.png ---
These dreary years of ineffective fighting provide obvious warrant to those who thought the toughest of French youth would replace the plat and crust of French youth, a brilliant batch who were available for a sound policy, and then, if Rhodes fell, Eton, because we weren’t fighting the war here.

--- g01-019.png ---
It seems obvious that if our expedition to Brittany was coupled to an attack via Calais, the primary essential to the success of the French was to use intense obstacles around the Channel. It seems obvious that narrowed forces were dispensing the advantage of a ring of bridge-heads which included Calais, Amiens, Bisc., Bérenger and Boulogne, and that there was to be final victory without a large-scale and well-coupled invasion.

--- g01-025.png ---
In this cruel process which was hammering out nations on the anvils of war, there was a constant stirring of those in authority to find some simple way out of the complicated financial gimpasses which always resulted, and in the story of the Exchequer resorted is the story of the prelude to the Peasants' Revolt of 1381.

--- g01-034.png ---
When his war did not bring victory and booty, a new group of Lords might oust the unsuccessful leaders, and the Commons, who usually supplied the hard cash, might be bold enough to demand the production of accounts, and even of times the impeachment of the unsuccessful. But the Commons were not the people, and even a full Parliament was not yet a true mirror of the nation.

--- g01-037.png ---
The people - Langland's 'folk' and Gount's 'noves' - were villeins still tied to the feudal obligations of work or villeins who had bought their release, free labourers who worked for the highest bidders, free yeomen who had prospered enough to become successful farmers, the artisans of the towns, and the retainers and men-at-arms in the pay of landed Lords.

--- g01-043.png ---
Then there were two other sources of public revenue.  
First, the church, which wrote down the head of the Commons and in its own Canvassments  
practically equivalent contributions, as well,  
the foreign merchants, whose officers had formally made private bargains  
of “colonies of merchants”, and where  
payments were authorized by parliamentary sanction of a rat upon native merchants.

--- g01-067.png ---
Bad This there was a very interesting attempt to apply a sliding scale to the payments demanded. The definition of an adult was altered to read 'ver sixteen', and, where the poor were to pay a groat, the Duke of Lancaster and the Archbishops of Canterbury and York were to pay ten m decs, and between these two extremes a graduated scale of payments was Lived for the different classes of laymen and clerics

--- g01-070.png ---
Again the resentment was wide spread and the results of the last raised only 27,000. In the following year 1830, the last and most notorious third poll-tax was agreed by a Parliament which met at Northampton. There were dark reasons for a meeting so far away from the capital in a town with poor communications and not over supplied with hostelis and lodgings.

--- g02-059.png ---
In Chapter Two he gauged the nature of the heart's movements from the dissection of living animals, showing how these movements alter with rests and are best in cold animals or in flagging warmer ones. At the time of its movement the heart becomes generally constricted, its walls thicken, its ventricles decrease in volume and it expels its content of blood, appearing paler in so doing in animals such as serpents, frogs, and the like.

--- g02-062.png ---
At one and the same time, therefore, occur the beat of the apex, the thickening of the heart walls, and the forcible expulsion of their contained blood by the contraction of the ventricles. Going on in Chapter Three to the movements of living animals, Harvey noted that contraction of the heart and the apex beat occur in systole, simultaneously with dilatation of the arteries and of the artery-like vein, and expulsion of the ventricular content.

--- g02-065.png ---
Arterial pulsation disappearing with cessation of  
ventricular contraction. Often forcible expulsion of  
the ventricles, there is of  
blood. Arterial dilation is  
thus synchronous with cardiac systole but,  
when movement of blood through arteries is  
hindered by compression, infarction or inter-  
ception, the more distal arteries pulsate  
less because their pulse is nothing other  
than the impulse of the blood entering them.

--- g03-000.png ---
Luke Dalbec

Yet it's must that his ideas did him
burn ine's no rose by belief in the night
of working cling to a craft man and a sillied man,
he went nothing to do with him, others
would, and he is aided in many
ways.

--- g03-016.png ---
(In this strike of that year, 1,000,000 men went out a fortnight, disciplined and solid, when only 20 per cent of them stood to gain anything from the strike and the other 90 per cent made sacrifices for their fellow men; this remarkable strike raised the question of a living wage and showed the worth of the common man.)

--- g03-032.png ---
they were good enough to sing at meetings. One of the helpful by-products was low they were abl e to obtain some respectable clothing, or with which they wore a witchie  and Red Flag badge, on many a Jenny Sunday evening, when George went to speak at Mailin Bridge, they would be there to begin the meeting.

--- g03-040.png ---
As they became known the choir went to working men's clubs, to Conisborough on cheap trips to sing to the miners, and sang for other organisations such as The Bakers' union, for whom they sent on labour day evenings to the Corner Pin Hotel, to rally the members. The B.S.P. also booked pleasant rooms on Must Street, where a successful Sunday school was held.

--- g03-049.png ---
Allen's ideas were completely fatal to those who go on intellectually well

with them, positively those who live the level.

connected to socialism, generally socialist Coagee, generate
socialism. Mr. decks men, who fell in
the coverage of common ground could be found.

--- g03-058.png ---
This new party, the British Social or Socialists Party, was not prepared to accept the role of junior helper in the labor movement, or of only providing propaganda in order to increase the volume of socialists thought in the city, but sought to create in the labour movement a more militant attitude capable of achieving socialism for the working people.

--- g04-007.png ---
The Hell proved most useful, especially in winter when the church to the clergy deterred many from coming to funerals. We managed to furnish a table with corn and candles, and the people appreciated the Church Hall for work as well an for more social purposes. In Aro Dr. Tollet was denounced to Windler. And Dr. Habut.

Bunye became Prefect of Sundholm.

--- g04-011.png ---
Meantwhile I had been asked to be a part of Diocesan  
work in connection with High Religious Education, and  
to become the Synod secretary of the Church Rebuilding  
Union. This meant organising lectures and courses of  
religion instruction through the Diocese, and I  
also found myself a medium of the Diocesan  
conference, so that I may be introducing methods for  
the improvement of the light darling the  
Diocese.

--- g04-017.png ---
If was when l was at Tahfield that I first visited Oban argn 

in Bawam part in my life. The plape and its cost to

to pay an was broke out with the people and years another say would

very intimos, an interval of ten years, when new tal would 

Jassion Day the small teatre in and became

performed at summes holsidays there between the

be dscdirname Qherhandon.

--- g04-026.png ---
First of all I didn't want to teach music. This old school found of Cliffton had only one member who was an old school teacher. She had to sustain the tenor part. The others had to bass and tenor. It was very amusing, and lead singing, I fount all the pure strain could come singing too. To be sure, it has belonged the conductor all woman. The singing was quite good.

--- g04-036.png ---
In 1913 Dr. Burge, Bishop of Southwark, asked me to go as Vicar of St. Marks' Woodcote, Purley, a new church built by the well-known architect Mr. George Fellowes Pryne, who was to become a very intimate friend, and I was later on joint executor of his estate with his solicitor cousin. As Bishop Talbot had told, me that I ought not to spend many years in Tatsfield, we held great family consultations.

--- g04-039.png ---
My eldest brother found a very suitable house nearby  
his family, and settled, and eventually to be present  
at the age of 92, Dr Burge was not afe to be present  
at the Institution and Induction Service of Woolwich,  
This was taken by the Suffragan Bishop of Woolwich,  
Dr John Weeks, who lived at Blackheath, and was  
a close friend of ours.

--- g04-043.png ---
But what a change from the dear little old church at Tatsfield to the great modern church of St. Mark's at Purley. One felt at Tatsfield that, small as the church was, it had its own atmosphere, and for centuries had been a house of prayer. I could not but feel the chilliness of the new church, beautiful as it was and is. When we had found a group of people who gladly co-operated, we made the little side chapel a place of daily prayer.

--- g04-048.png ---
I suggested to the congregation that it needed warming up by constant prayer and worship, and we found many to help. Gifts of candlesticks and stained-glass lancet windows -finally a new altar- helped to furnish the chapel as a little sanctuary for prayer and quiet. In time we received similar gifts for the High Altar, and large East and West windows.

--- g04-055.png ---
We also had a Little Mission Hall off the Brighton Road, in a street full of small houses. This was called Ellen Avenue when I first went there but later came to be called Landsowne Road. There kids were lots of children there and we had a wonderful Sunday School and an evening service. I soon saw that the church needed more help both at the Church and Mission district.

--- g04-060.png ---
The Church Army Captain had done very good work in the Lansdowne Road district, but I needed more days and weekdays church for the full rota of services on Sundays and weekdays. Most fortunately I was able to engage the Rev. E. U. Evitt in 1913 soon after I had come, and he organised the Mission district and got to know, and be known by, many of the people of the parish.

--- g04-063.png ---
A great blow disturbed all our efforts in the following year, 1914, when war broke out. Very soon Chaplains for the Forces were urgently needed, and I felt clearly that one of us must volunteer following

the Force of us must volunteer following

that one of our efforts in the clowns for

that our efforst im-the chains for

that our efforst im-the chains for

that our efforts im-the clowns for

that one of our efforts in the chains for

that one of our efforts in the leads for

that one of our efforts in the chains for

that one of our efforts im-the locks for

that ones of our efforts im-the chains for

that ones of our efforts in the clowns for

that ones of our efforts im-the chains for

that one's of our efforts im-reviewing leads

that ones of our efforts im-reviewing leads

that ones or our efforts im-reviewing locks

that ones our efforts im-reviewing locks

--- g04-068.png ---
Meanwhile in Purley there was much activity and much  
Co-operation especially with the other Christian communities.  
At a large public meeting we launched the project known as the  
Coulson and Purley Patriotic Fund in whose councils and committees,  
I found myself deeply involved. At first, the main work was to help  
wives and relations of the soldiers get their ‘Seperation’ allowance; but soon, also, as casualties began and increased  
in the winter of 1914 and 1915 the matter of War Pensions  
became Committee in Coulson and Purley.

--- g04-072.png ---
Indeed, for the next seventeen years, during my time at Purley, and from 1922 at Surbiton, I was continuously Chairman of the local War Pensions Committee. This task involved a very great deal of detailed work for the Committee. We had a splendid body of local residents, and a series of excellent Honorary Secretaries. Out Committee met once a week in the evenings, and included professional men from every walk of life.

--- g04-077.png ---
Very soon we managed to get a hut in Purley where soldiers  
were very welcome and the ladies organized a canteen. Life was  
in those years more than busy. Now having forer.  
eo the church, and I was more forer颤 in having for.  
years a more \" able and devoted housekeeper next to Eiarch  
well in Limpsfie,n Whom I had known

--- g04-095.png ---
Speaking of churchwards and inimitable Ellen Leeds  
lark and funeral begin in 1917 in Purley and continuing till old age to-day. When I went  
to St. Peter's, the first cask I made was  
with the Vicar's warden, Mr. F.W. Charlton  
and his family, the sought of such three  
town was just comin into he world in the year  
of 1917.

--- g04-104.png ---
In those early years 1914-18, life was very full both in the war and in the Royal Herbert Hospital this way, and we with our wounded who were delighted to feel at the very least a friendly touch The Banian who knew them well The banian knew them well Four

--- g05-094.png ---
The Nazi fortress concept turned out to be nothing more than a fantasy. Thanks to the good sense of the front line soldiers, the meeting of East and West was marked by the use of no weapon more lethal than vodka. And the effect on the German people of the first ten years of the prowlkisqd tyranny rule, so far from creating a spirit of dull bewildered apathy.

--- g05-098.png ---
To far back that we had confronted only special precautions to guard the lives of our homestead, devoted ourselves, was bound to spread so still glakes among us, now and children, old and young alike.

--- g06-011a.png ---
By the end of the month he still enjoyed it as much as Cloncurry that he to enjoy any-thing. 'The Pearl', he wrote, 'is arrived, which is a great resource. Vesuvius seems gay, lively thing... What a Roma, every # he is going on fast -  What a busy town. At Rome, every people, and was a priest - here the priest is surprised particularly as the troops are very fine. '

--- g06-011c.png ---
By the end of the month he still delighted in
naples. He told health permitted him to enjoy anything, " is arrived, which is a great
resource. Versus seems to be fired at, and what 
output fast.... At Rome, every other man was a
priest. Here the priest is superceded by the
soldier - a favourite child in my eyes, particularly
as the troops are very him. '

--- g06-011e.png ---
By the end of the month he still delighted in Naples.  
The old Gloncurry that he enjoyed it as 'The PeaT', he  
wrote, 'is arrived, which is a great resource. Vesuvius  
seems to be tired; he is going out fast... What a gay!  
lively people, and what a busy town. At Rome, every  
other man was a priest: here the priest is 1)superceded by  
the soldier - What a gay!  
as the troops are very fine.'

--- g06-011f.png ---
the month the skill delighted in Vaples. The
By the end of that he enjoyed it as much as is arrived, which is
to be Concursive anything. 'he Peacock, the note; he is going out
him to enjoy Vers season to be quite, a great resource. the
last. What a man was a priest: here the eye, particularly as
Rome. very other a favourable change in my
by the soldier - very fine.' 
the troops cure busy town. All

--- g06-011g.png ---
By the end of the month he still delighted in health

Concerning that he enjoy anything. 'The Pearl', he wrote 'is

arrived, which is Naples. She told

lived; he is going out fast.... What a gay, lively people,

and what a busy town. At Rome, every other man is

a priest: here the priest is 'unexpected by the Irons

favourable change in my eye, particularly as the Irons

are very fine.

--- g06-011h.png ---
By the end of the month he still delighted in Naples.
He told Cloncurry that he enjoyed it as much as
his health permitted him to enjoy anything. 'The
Pearl', the word, 's avid, which is a great
resource. Vascovius seems to be tired, and
going out fast, town. At Rome, every other
man was a priest; but the priest is to be
looked upon, a favourable change in my eye,
particularly as the troops are very fire.

--- g06-011i.png ---
By the end of the month he still delighted in Napor.  
He told Cloncurry that he enjoyed it as much as his health permitted him to enjoy anything. The Pearl, he wrote, 'is arrived in Naples.  
which is a great resource. Venniev's seems to be tired; he is going out fast... what a gay, lively people, and glitzy, etc. have the priest is in sight, particularly as the troops are very fine.

--- g06-011j.png ---
By the end of the month he still enjoyed
Naples. He got his latest gem interpreted, 'is grained,
which is odd; he is going out fast... what
a gay, lively people, and what a busy town.
At Fonte, every other mgn is a priest:
here the forourable change is very fine.’
soldier - a forouable change in my eye,
particular as the troops were very fine.

--- g06-011k.png ---
By the end of the month he still delighted in Naples. He told Doncwrry that he enjoyed it as much as his health permitted him to enjoy anything. 'The Pearl', he wrote, 'is arrived, which is a great resource. Vesuvius seems to be tired; he is going out fast... What a busy town, living people, and arrived which is a great out fast... What a fogy town. At Rome, every other man was a priest; here the vourable change ISuperceded by the soldiers - a favourable change in my eye, particularly as the troops are very fine.

--- g06-011l.png ---
By the end of the month he shall delighted as much as she Elizabeth  
fold I mayn't enjoy any. The Peary point  
is arrived, which is great resource. Verses soon  
to be tired I just a busy tour. At Rome, much  
people, and what a dry town. At Rome, every other  
man was a household change in my eyes, especially  
soldies — a favourite change in my eyes,  
particularly as the troops are very fix.

--- g06-011m.png ---
By the end of the month I am delighted in Naples. The hotel permitted him to enjoy anything. 'The Pearl,' he worked, is arrived, which is a great resource. Vesuvius seems to be kind what a out large... What a lovely people, man was a busy town. The priest is supported by the soldier - a fascinating change in my time. particularly as the hoops are very fine!

--- g06-011o.png ---
By the end of the month he still delighted in Naples. He told Cloncurry that he enjoyed it as much as his health permitted him to, he wrote, 'is arrived, which is a great resource. Mervyn seems to be tired; he is going out fast... What a gay, lively bunch was the clergy - admirably unthinking of the solitude, a superb change in many eyes, particularly as the hoops are very fine!

--- g06-011p.png ---
By the end of the month he still delighted in Naples. He told Cloncurry that he enjoyed it as much as his health permitted, which is a great resource. 'The Pearl', he wrote, 'is arrived, which is a great resource. Vesuvius seems to be tired; he is going out fast... What a gay, lively people, and what a busy town. At Rome, every other man was a priest: here the priest is 1superceded by the soldier - a favourable change in my eye, particularly as the troops are very fine.'

--- g06-011r.png ---
By the end of the hurry that he enjoyed it as much as 'The Bear',  
he told Cloncurry that he enjoyed anything. 'asuvius looked fucked could as  
health perpetuated, which is a great resource. Vasuvius seems to be tired he is going out fast... What a gay,  
lively people, and what a busy town. At Rower, awe,  
other man was a priest; have the priest way eye,  
by the soldier - a fav ATMorous change in my eye,  
particularly from the troop are very fine.

--- g06-018b.png ---
When the sailing season was past, he sent Pearl back to England, and returned to Rome for the winter. In late November, he was 'uffering as usual', but hoped, he told Arthur, 'to find this place agree with me better than Naples. The journey has been against me, as there has been much rain and damp, but the temperature is high & I have not yet thought of a fire...

--- g06-018p.png ---
When the sailing season was past, he sent Pearl back to England, and returned to Rome for the winter. In late November, he was "suffering as usual", but hoped, he told Arthur, "to find this place agree with me better than Naples. The journey has been against me, as thore has been much rain and damp, but of a fire..."

--- g06-026b.png ---
A pleasant life truly! It so happens that I have an Italian who is perhaps the best Valet de Chambre that ever was.  But he has not one word of English. 'hile he was writing this letter he heard of the fall of the Whigs, and the temporary assumption of the government by the Duke of Wellington.

--- g06-031b.png ---
"What a fearsome!
What infatuation! Personally I am indifferent, but I really tremble for my
country! I may be mistaken, I cannot but fear that the exasperation of the
People will be so great at the return of Ultratoryism, that the 
Commons House upon a dissolution, 
which must be had, will be- a mass
of Radicalism, & then God knows what 
may happen...

--- g06-031p.png ---
"What a frightful event!" he wrote. "I tremble! What infatuation! Personally I am indifferent, but I really tremble for my country! I may be mistaken, 1that I cannot but fear that the exasperation of the people will be so great as the return of Ultratoryism, which must be had, will be a mass of Radicalism, & then God knows what may happen...

--- g06-037b.png ---
God grant, however, that I may be a false prophet & that all may go well. Sir R. Peel was here, I understand, but an express took him off yesterday'. While he was in Naples there had opened a new chapter in the history of Anglesey's unceasing search for an effective alleviation of his painful malady. None of the numerous conventional remedies to which he had been subjected ever

--- g06-037c.png ---
God grant, however, that I may be a faithful prophet 
and that all may go well. Sir R. Peck took him 
out of Yorkshire. I do not understand, but an express took him 
off yesterday. 'While he was in Naples there had opened a new 
chapter in the tive allegory of his painful melody 
for an effective explanation of his painful medies to which 
None of the numerous conventional remedies to which 
he had been subjected ever since the symptoms had 
first shown themselves seventeen years before had 
the slightest effect.

--- g06-037d.png ---
God grant, however, that I may be a false prophet and  
that all may go well. Sir R. Peel was here, I under-  
stand, but an express rode in off yesterday. '
While he was in Naples there had opened a  
new chapter in the history of Anglesey's unceasing  
search for an effective alleviation of his painful  
malady. None of the numerous conventional remedies  
to which he had been subjected since the symptoms had  
shown themselves seven years before  
had had the slightest effect.

--- g06-037e.png ---
God almighty, however, that I may be a faithful prophet & that all may go well with him off yesterday!  
While he was in Naples there had opened a new chapter in the history of his painful unaladly he had been  
subjected even years before had had the slight effect.

--- g06-037f.png ---
God grant, however, that I may be a false prophet, but an express

may go well. Sister! yesterday : ”

While he was in prophet & that all

took him off Wales there had opened a new chapter in the

history of Anglesey. One of the numerous conventional remedies to

his painful malady had first

which he had seventeen years before had had the slight effc

shown themselfes effective alleviation of

--- g06-037g.png ---
God grant, however, that I may be a false prophet  
& that all may go well. Sir R. Peel was here, I understand,  
but an express took him off yesterday.  
While he was in Naples there had opened a new chapter in  
the history of his painful malady. None of the numerous  
conventional remedies to which he had been subjected  
ever since the symptoms had first shown themselves  
seventeen years before had had the slightest effect.

--- g06-037h.png ---
God grant, however, that I may see R. Peel was here, I understand, but an express took him off yesterday.

While I was in Naples there had opened a new chapter in the history of Anglesey's unceasing search for an effective alleviateial remedies to which he had seen but little effect. Since the symptoms had first shown themselves seventeen years before had had the slighted effect.

--- g06-037i.png ---
God grant, however, that I may be a fair prophet

δ that all may go well, Sir R. Peel was here, I understand,  
but an express took him off yesterday.

While he was in Naples there had opened a new chapter in the history of his painful malady. None of the  
effective allevational remedies to which he had seen  
humorovs convev since the symptoms had first shown  
themself seven years before had the  
slightest effect.

--- g06-037k.png ---
God grant, however, that I may be a false prophet & that all may go well, Sir R. Peel whom I visited yesterday. While he was in Naples there had opened a new chapter in the history of Anglesey's unceasing malady. None of the numerous conventional remedies to which he had been subjected ever since the symptoms had first shown themselves seventeen years before had had the slightest effect.

--- g06-037l.png ---
God grant, however, that I may be a false prophet and all may go well. Sir R. Peel was here, 

but an express took him off yesterday. '
While le was in Whipsnolls there had opened a new chapter 

in the history of Anglerex's unceasing spasmodic search for 

an effectivel o reception of his pious lately which he had 

been directed ever since the symptoms of Godfuste 

stern Hanelius seventeen years too long had led the 

strongly effect.

--- g06-037m.png ---
God grant, however, that I may be a false prophet & that all may go well. Sir Francis Cooper was here, yesterday. 'While he was in New York there had opened a new chapter in Naples history of vacillation of his painful remedies to which he had first shown them effect.

--- g06-037p.png ---
God grant, however, that I may be a false prophet and that all may go well. Sir R. Peel was here, I understand, but an express took off yesterday. While he was in Naples there had opened a new chapter in the alleviation of his painful malady. None of the numerous conventional remedies to which he had been subjected these seventeen years before had had the slightest effect.

--- g06-037r.png ---
God grant, however, that I may be a false prophet

& that all way go well. Sir R. Peel was here, I understand, but an express took him off yesterday.

While he was in Naples this had opened a new chapter

in the history of his painful malady. None of

effective alveconventional remedies to which he had

been subjected ever since the symptoms had first

shown themselves seventeen years before had had

the slightest effect.

--- g06-042b.png ---
Nor is this to be wondered at, for even today, in the 1960s no cure has been found for the 6tic douloureux. As early as 1830 when Anglesey believed himself to be on the point of death, the new German curative method known as homoeopathy had been brought to his notice.

--- g06-042p.png ---
Is it to be wondered at, for even today, in the 1960s, no cure has been found for the otic douloureux. As early as 1830, when Angley believed himself to be on the point of death, the new German curative method known as homopathy had been brought to his notice.

--- g06-045b.png ---
In April of that year his first wife’s brother-in-law, the diplomatist Lord Ponsonby, had written to advise Anglesey to give the system a trial, adding that it was being cultivated with extraordinary success in France and Italy, and that himself was being treated under a doctor who had studied under its founder, the aged Dr. Samuel Hannemann.

--- g06-045p.png ---
In April of that year his first wife's brother-in-law, the diplomatist Lord Ponsonby, had written to advise Anglesey to give the system a trial, adding that it was being cultivated with extraordinary success in France and Italy, and that he himself was being treated under a doctor who had studied under its founder, the aged Dr. Samuel Hahnemann.

--- g06-047b.png ---
This remarkable man of medicine, whom Sir Francis Burdett described to Anglesey a year or two later as 'ore like a God upon earth than a human being', had an increasing number of disciples among unorthodox medical men in the cities of Europe. One of these was the Neapolitan, Dr Giuseppe Mauro, whom Anglesey consulted in May 1834.

--- g06-047p.png ---
ERROR: Error code: 429 - {'message': 'API rate limit exceeded', 'request_id': 'f3dcae6f7937cd156dca865bcfaa2362'}

--- g06-050b.png ---
ERROR: Error code: 429 - {'message': 'API rate limit exceeded', 'request_id': 'b64ce7145850f0697ae56e31bc38284e'}

--- g06-050p.png ---
ERROR: Error code: 429 - {'message': 'API rate limit exceeded', 'request_id': '4c504f6b817de31b2d02d751b1cfdb32'}

--- g06-089.png ---
ERROR: Error code: 429 - {'message': 'API rate limit exceeded', 'request_id': '138a1364bc7e3940012b2d12bd67493f'}

